URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1354098736.html

Posted Date:28-Nov-2012

Posted By :Satish Srirama

Job Description:

Posted on: 28th November 2012

The Mobile Cloud Lab at Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu (UT), is inviting applications for a Postdoctoral position for two years to undertake research in the mobile computing and/or cloud computing domains. UT is in the world’s top 400 universities (THE ranking) and belongs to the top 1% of the world’s most-cited universities and research institutions in several fields, including engineering (according to ISI Web of Science). UT’s Institute of Computer Science has over 600 students and is a key research partner in the Estonian Center of Excellence in Computer Science and a number of EU-funded projects.

The Mobile Cloud Lab conducts research and teaching at the intersection of the mobile computing and cloud computing domains. Our research topics include cloud computing, large-scale data analysis, mobile cloud, mobile web services, sensor networks and cloud migration.

The successful applicant for the position should have:
•	A PhD degree in Computer Science
•	A strong research track record and international publication record
•	Experience in collaborative research with external partners
•	Excellent communication skills and proficiency in English
•	Inclination to take some teaching load

Please send your curriculum vitae and statement of interest in the proposed research topics to Assoc. Prof. Dr. Satish Srirama (email: srirama@ut.ee).  

Applications will be accepted until 15th January 2013. Successful applicants are preferred to start in February/March 2013, but can be negotiated. Depending on the qualifications and track record of the candidate, the gross monthly salary is up to 2500€, which is competitive against the sectoral salaries and the living cost in Estonia. The employment arrangement includes access to the Estonian public healthcare system.

All the information relevant for an incoming researcher to Estonia is available at: http://euraxess.ee/incoming-researchers/road-map-estonia/ 

Assoc. Prof. Dr. Satish Srirama
Head of Mobile Cloud Lab
Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu
J Liivi 2 – 311, Tartu 50409, Estonia
satish.srirama [at] ut.ee
http://mc.cs.ut.ee/mcsite/jobs 