URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1354014333.html

Posted Date:27-Nov-2012

Posted By :Dennis Shasha

Job Description:

      FACULTY POSITIONS

Computer Science
NYU Abu Dhabi

NYU Abu Dhabi is looking for outstanding faculty in all areas of Computer 
Science. One particular focus area for hiring this year is in Data Science. 
This especially includes research on applications ranging 
from Computational and Systems Biology to Social Network 
Analysis to Urban Informatics, but also work 
on general tools and systems for dealing with large data sets and on basic 
techniques in Data Mining, Machine Learning, and Visualization. Successful 
candidates will find a congenial 
research environment that includes supportive and 
highly motivated colleagues, 
access to significant resources, a competitive startup 
package, and broad opportunities 
for interdisciplinary research across the different 
campuses of the NYU system. 
For example, researchers interested in applying their 
work to Genomics and Systems Biology may join the newly formed Center for 
Genomics and Systems Biology at NYUAD (in collaboration with the NYU 
Genome Center), and participate in several large scale genomics projects 
underway in Abu Dhabi and globally. Researchers in Social Network Analysis may 
participate in the NYU Social 
Media in Political Participation center at NYU, with 
participants spanning the CS, 
Political Science, Psychology, and Biology departments. Others 
may want to join the NYU Data Science Center, or collaborate with colleagues in 
the new NYU Center for Urban Science and Progress. Successful candidates will 
also have priority access to the NYU Abu Dhabi High Performance Computing 
facilities, including the new Butinah cluster with more 
than 6400 computing cores 
and a peak performance of 70 TFLOPS.

New York University has established itself as a Global Network University, a 
multi- site, organically connected network encompassing 
key global cities and idea 
capitals. The network has three degree-granting campuses - New York, Shanghai, 
and Abu Dhabi - complemented by 12 additional academic centers across five 
continents. Faculty and students will 
circulate within the network in pursuit of 
common research interests and 
cross-cultural, interdisciplinary endeavors, both local and global.

Entering its third year, 
NYU Abu Dhabi has recruited a cohort of faculty who are at 
once distinguished in their research and teaching.  Our students are drawn from 
around the world and surpass 
all traditional recruitment benchmarks, both US and 
global. NYU Abu Dhabi?s highly selective liberal 
arts enterprise is complemented 
by an institute for advanced research, 
sponsoring cutting-edge projects across the 
Arts, Humanities, Social Sciences, Sciences, and Engineering.

The terms of employment are highly competitive and include housing and 
educational subsidies for children. Faculty may also spend time at NYU New York 
and other sites of the global network, engaging in both research and teaching 
opportunities. Appointments can begin as soon as September 1, 2013, but 
candidates may elect to start as late as September 1, 2014.

Applications are due by January 15, 2013; however, 
applications received later will 
be reviewed until the positions are filled. 
Candidates should submit a curriculum 
vitae, statements of teaching 
and research interests (not to exceed three pages each), 
no more than three representative 
publications and three letters of reference in PDF 
format to our website
http://nyuad.nyu.edu/human.resources/open.positions.html. 
The website has instructions and other information on how to apply. 
If you have any additional questions, please e-mail 
nyuad.science@nyu.edu.
     
     NYU Abu Dhabi is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer.
 
 
 