URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359217037.html

Posted Date:26-Jan-2013

Posted By :Andrew Rau-Chaplin

Job Description:
Postdoctoral Fellowships in Analytics and High Performance Computing (HPC)

Applications are invited for Postdoctoral Fellowships (renewable) in Analytics and High Performance Computing 
(HPC) under the supervision of Dr. Andrew Rau-Chaplin in the Risk Analytics Lab, Faculty of Computer Science at 
Dalhousie University.

Candidates with a strong HPC background and an interest in one or more of the following areas are encouraged to 
apply:
-	Catastrophe Modeling and Risk,
-	Mathematical Modeling, Simulation, and Optimization,
-	Text Mining and Natural Language Processing

The Risk Analytics Lab (www.risk-analytics-lab.ca) is housed in the Faculty of Computer Science at Dalhousie and 
is focussed on research questions at the intersection of analytics, risk management, and high performance 
computing. Our research projects address challenges in catastrophe modeling, portfolio risk management, and 
dynamic financial analysis, by drawing on a diverse set of technologies including stochastic simulation, high 
performance computing, optimization, text mining, and data warehousing. The lab has strong links to industry and 
frequent interactions with industrial research partners. Project involve a range of computing platforms including 
multicore CPUs, distributed memory clusters, GPUs, & cloud based infrastructure.

Successful candidates will hold a recent Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering. They 
will have experience working on HPC oriented projects and have developed algorithm design, implementation, and 
evaluation skills. We are seeking individuals who can bring strong technical skills and enthusiasm to an area of 
research ripe for innovation and who will be able to integrate well into a larger team.

Applicants should send a full Curriculum Vitae, letters from two referees and a cover letter highlighting their 
prior achievements and a brief summary of their statement of their interest and experience in this area. 
Electronic submissions are encouraged. Applicants are strongly encouraged to contact Dr. Rau-Chaplin as early as 
possible to express interest and to ask any questions. Applications will be considered until the positions are 
filled.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. Dalhousie University is an Employment Equity/Affirmative Action employer. The University encourages 
applications from qualified Aboriginal people, persons with a disability, racially visible persons and women. 
Applications for postdoctoral positions are accepted subject to funding.

Dr. Andrew Rau-Chaplin (arc [at] cs.dal.ca) Faculty of Computer Science Dalhousie University www.cs.dal.ca/~arc 