URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1353122448.html

Posted Date:16-Nov-2012

Posted By :Mirek Riedewald

Job Description:


NORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY Boston, Massachusetts

The College of Computer and Information Science invites applications for three tenure-track faculty positions, beginning in Fall 2013.  Applicants at all ranks will be considered. A PhD in Computer Science, Information Science or a related field is required.

Candidates will be considered from all areas in Computer and Information Science. We particularly welcome candidates with research interests in data-intensive computing (e.g., machine learning, databases, and data mining), systems (e.g., operating systems and networks), and software engineering.  Candidates are expected to have or to develop an independently funded research program of international caliber and participate in undergraduate and graduate teaching.

The College maintains a strong research program with significant funding from major federal research agencies and private industry and was instrumental in Northeastern being recognized by NSA/DHS as a center of excellence for research and education in Information Assurance.

The College has a diverse full-time faculty of 41, and offers a broad array of educational opportunities to students.  In addition to Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD programs in the computing discipline, the College offers several innovative undergraduate and graduate degree programs that combine computing with an important application domain. Eleven faculty members have joint appointments with other academic departments, including Electrical and Computer Engineering, Art and Design, Health Sciences, Physics, and Political Science.  The College has 615 undergraduates, 597 Masters, and 99 Ph.D. students.

Northeastern University is home to 20,000 students and to the nation's premier cooperative education program.  The past decade has witnessed a dramatic increase in Northeastern's international reputation for research and innovative educational programs.  A heightened focus on interdisciplinary research and scholarship is driving a faculty hiring initiative at Northeastern, advancing its position amongst the nation's top research universities.  The College has been a major participant in this initiative and will continue the efforts this year, with additional interdisciplinary searches ongoing in related areas.  For more information about the College, please visit http://www.ccs.neu.edu. 

Northeastern University is located on the Avenue of the Arts in Boston's historic Back Bay. The College occupies a state-of-the-art building opposite Boston's Museum of Fine Arts.

Additional information and instructions for submitting application materials may be found at the following web site: https://neu.peopleadmin.com/postings/search.  

Screening of applications begins immediately.  To guarantee full consideration, application materials should be received by December 1, 2012. However, applications will be accepted until the search is completed.

Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We particularly encourage applications from women and underrepresented minorities.