URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1353015095.html

Posted Date:15-Nov-2012

Posted By :Eric Zhang

Job Description:

Databrary Project Systems Architect

The Databrary project (http://databrary.org) aims to create a web-based data library where behavioral scientists can search and share video data openly with other researchers. Databrary's leaders, based at New York University and Penn State, are funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) to create Databrary and the associated video analysis and data management tools to make data sharing easy and efficient. The goal is to accelerate the pace of discovery in behavioral science and to improve scientific transparency and accountability.

Databrary seeks a visionary, entrepreneurial systems architect to lead the project, steer its design, and hire and manage the development team. Candidates should have 5-8 years of software development and management experience as a solutions architect, systems architect, project manager, or test manager.

Responsibilities

Designing and developing a new web-based video data library (Databrary) for searching, streaming, and sharing large research data sets.
Designing and developing desktop data analysis and data management tools to integrate video analysis with the Databrary.
Building a team of developers to execute the above. Writing position descriptions, and conducting interviews.
Mentoring and providing leadership for junior development staff.
Defining software development methodologies and practice.
Qualifications

Experience developing in a modern MVC based web development framework (Django, Rails, Tower.js etc).
Experience as a technical team leader, project manager, or systems architect.
History of active contributions to open source projects.
Established track record of shipping reliable software products.
Preferred

An understanding of configuration management practices using Chef or Puppet.
Experience with video playback/transcoding tools such as FFmpeg and VLC.
Experience working with large research data sets.
Compensation

Salary range competitive with senior level positions plus full NYU benefits, including health and tuition remission.
To Apply

Send the following to Lisa Steiger (lisa.steiger@nyu.edu):

One page cover letter (PDF).
Academic transcript of your formal qualifications (PDF).
Links to your open source contributions.
Resume (PDF).