URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352997037.html

Posted Date:15-Nov-2012

Posted By :Peter Dinda

Job Description:

Faculty Position
Database Systems
Northwestern University


The Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at
Northwestern University invites applications for a tenure-track
assistant professor position in database systems to start in fall
2013.    We are interested in exceptional candidates in all areas of
database systems, but have a particular focus on areas such as
large-scale data management, integration of structured and
unstructured data, parallel and distributed data mining and analytics,
stream databases, and database engines for scalable computing and
emerging computer architectures.

A Ph.D. in Computer Science or Computer Engineering is required, as is
a clear track record of success in database systems.  Successful
candidates will be expected to carry out world class-research,
collaborate with other faculty, and teach effectively at the
undergraduate and graduate levels. Compensation and start-up packages
are negotiable and will be competitive.

Northwestern EECS consists of over 50 faculty members of international
prominence whose interests span a wide range. Northwestern University
is located in Evanston, Illinois on the shores of Lake Michigan just
north of Chicago.

Northwestern University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. Qualified women and minorities are encouraged to apply. It is the policy of Northwestern University not to discriminate against any individual on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, citizenship, veteran status, or other protected group status. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the United States.

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by
December 15, 2012, but applications will be accepted until the
position is filled.  Information on how to apply can be found on our
web site, www.eecs.northwestern.edu.  