URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352671916.html

Posted Date:11-Nov-2012

Posted By :Yeliz Yesilada

Job Description:

The Computer Engineering Program at the Middle East Technical University Northern Cyprus Campus is seeking applicants for faculty positions at all ranks. New Ph.D.'s and experienced academics with a view to take up permanent position as well as visiting scholars are welcome.

Details about the METU NCC Computer Engineering curriculum and other details about our program can be found at http://cng.ncc.metu.edu.tr .

The Department's current research strengths are in Distributed Systems and Networking, Machine Learning, Human/Computer Interaction, Software Engineering, Service-Oriented Computing, and Webcentric Computing. We are particularly interested in applicants with interests in Theory and Algorithms, Formal Methods, Hardware, Parallel/Distributed/Cloud Computing, Green Computing/Networking, Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering and Anlaytics, but we also strongly encourage applications from candidates with expertise in other areas.

The positions are full-time and will be available from September 2013, or such other date that is mutually agreed.

METU NCC is committed to a high quality research and teaching tradition. Normal teaching load at METU NCC is 3 courses (equivalent of 9 hours) per semester. METU NCC provides competitive salary packages and subsidized on-campus accommodation.

Please visit Working and Living at METU NCC for detailed information about what METU NCC has to offer, such as the social security, retirement and health coverage, which also includes an indicative table of remuneration levels.

Please refer to Guidelines for Application to Faculty Positions and follow the instructions therein to complete the application procedure. Please send your applications before 31 December 2012 for full consideration.

For more information, please contact Assist. Prof. Dr. Yeliz Yesilada (Co-coordinator, METU NCC Computer Engineering Program) at yyelizmetu.edu.tr.