URL :Habib M. Ammari

Posted Date:09-Nov-2012

Posted By :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352518542.html

Job Description:

Hi All,

ONLY the candidates who already have their MASTER'S DEGREE
and the GRE and TOEFL SCORES will be considered.

Please DO NOT email me if you do not have all of the above.

Wireless Sensor and Mobile Ad-hoc Networks (WiSeMAN) Research Lab
is looking for one highly self-motivated full-time Ph.D. student to conduct
cutting-edge research in the area of wireless sensor networks in the
Department of Computer and Information Science at the University of Michigan-Dearborn.
Currently, there is ONLY ONE Ph.D. position left in WiSeMAN Research Lab.
 
WiSeMAN Research Lab is interested in several research topics in
wireless sensor networks, including coverage, connectivity, and
geographic routing and data dissemination, as well as cyber physical
systems, mobile ad-hoc networks, and mobile wireless Internet.
 
The Ph.D. student will be hired to join WiSeMAN Research Lab
and work on an NSF funded project, which focuses on the design,
analysis, and implementation of sustainable and scalable three-
dimensional wireless sensor networks.
 
To be considered for this Ph.D. position, the interested candidate should meet the following criteria:
   -   Master's of Science in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Mathematics
       with a GPA at least 3.5.
   -   Solid knowledge in the area of networking and/or wireless sensor networks.
   -   Outstanding programming skills.
   -   Strong mathematics background.
   -   Excellent writing and communication skills in English.
   -   High GRE and TOEFL scores.
 
This Ph.D. position is funded for three years starting January 1, 2013.
Applications will be accepted until November 9, 2012.
 
Interested candidates should submit by email the following documents to
Prof. Ammari at hammari@umd.umich.edu:

   -   Application/motivation letter.
   -   Detailed curriculum vitae.
   -   List of publications (if any).
   -   Copy of Master's thesis (if any).
   -   List of graduate courses taken along with grades.
   -   GRE and TOEFL scores
 
Best Regards,
Habib M. Ammari
http://www-personal.engin.umd.umich.edu/~hammari/