URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352493679.html

Posted Date:09-Nov-2012

Posted By :Cristian Borcea

Job Description:

Assistant/Associate/Full Professor Faculty Positions - Computer Science
Department, New Jersey Institute of Technology

The Computer Science Department at the New Jersey Institute of Technology
(NJIT) invites applications for tenured or tenure track positions
beginning Fall 2013. The applicants should have research and teaching
interests at the intersection of Big Data with Cloud Computing or Wireless
Networks, such as large scale storage systems, mobile and sensor data
management, data mining, social networks mining, machine learning, data
intensive parallel computing, protocols and architectures for data
centers, security and privacy of cloud services. The applicants should
have a PhD (or expect to receive one by summer 2013) in Computer Science
or a related field. The applicant should have a demonstrated potential for
original research, a commitment to excellence in teaching, and
expertise/familiarity with building software for large-scale computer
systems.

NJIT is a technology and science research university which offers
competitive salaries. The Department of Computer Science is home to 26
faculty members whose research encompasses the areas of cloud computing,
distributed systems, mobile & ubiquitous computing, sensor networks, cyber
security, software engineering, databases, artificial intelligence,
machine learning, algorithms, computer vision, and image processing. The
Department offers programs at the undergraduate, masters and PhD levels in
Computer Science. Several masters programs in specialized areas such as
Cyber Security and Privacy, and Software Engineering complement these.
NJIT's location in the NY metro area is ideal for research collaboration.
Besides many universities and research laboratories, the area is home to
major financial, telecommunications, and pharmaceutical companies offering
excellent opportunities for collaboration and industry sponsored research
in the area of big data.

We are committed to building a diverse faculty and strongly encourage
applications from women. NJIT is an equal opportunity, affirmative action,
and an equal access employer.

How to Apply:

- Upload cover letter, curriculum vitae, research statement, and
teaching statement on njit.jobs (go to Search Postings and select Posting
Number 0601259)
- Ask 3 reference letter writers to email their letters to
faculty-search@cs.njit.edu
- The applications will be evaluated as they are received and accepted
until the positions are filled.