URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352476085.html

Posted Date:09-Nov-2012

Posted By :Traian Marius Truta

Job Description:


The Department Computer Science at Northern Kentucky University invites applications for the position of Department Chair beginning July 1, 2013. Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications. 

The Department of Computer Science is part of the College of Informatics (http://informatics.nku.edu), which unites the departments of Business Informatics, Computer Science, and Communication to embrace the modern concept of information in all its aspects. The College moved into its $52 million dollar, new building, Griffin Hall, in August 2011. The Department of Computer Science offers B.S. and M.S. degrees in Computer Science and Computer Information Technology and has about 700 students majoring in those areas at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Visit http://cs.nku.edu/ for more information about the department. 

Primary Responsibilities 
------------------------
The duties pertaining to this position include: maintenance, development, and evaluation of innovative academic programs; personnel and budgetary management; responsibilities to students; mentoring and evaluating faculty; and some teaching. 

Qualifications
-------------- 
Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or a closely related field. 

Qualifications include: Effective teaching and scholarly activity, ability to administer a multi-program department serving both traditional and nontraditional students, and effective communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to bring in external funding through research or community sources is also desirable. 

All applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and a list of three references with complete contact information. These materials should be submitted at https://jobs.nku.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=184777.

Inquiries can be sent to cs@nku.edu. 

Review of applications will begin on December 3, 2012. Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 

NKU, located just seven miles from downtown Cincinnati in a region offering an outstanding quality of life, is a nationally recognized metropolitan university committed to active engagement with the Northern Kentucky/Greater Cincinnati region of nearly two million people. Our institution is built on core values that emphasize multidimensional excellence, learner-centered education, civic engagement, multiculturalism, innovation, collegiality, and collaboration across disciplines and professional fields. For additional information on Northern Kentucky University visit http://www.nku.edu. NKU is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 