URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352458806.html

Posted Date:09-Nov-2012

Posted By :Bracha Shapira

Job Description:

TENURE-TRACK POSITION in the Information Systems Engineering department at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel. 
 
The Department of Information Systems Engineering at Ben-Gurion University invites applications for faculty at all levels. Applications are invited for full-time, tenure-track position in the area of Information Systems, starting at 01. October 2013..

Applicants must possess a Ph.D. degree in the area of Information Systems, Computer Science or a related discipline.

Candidates must have a strong expertise in one of the following:  Systems Analysis & Design, Databases, Software Engineering, System Modeling, or related subjects. Candidates must have demonstrated the potential to achieve international recognition through original and creative high-caliber research.
Successful candidates are expected to be excellent emerging researchers with strong leadership capabilities. Additional duties include graduate students supervision and teaching courses within the Information Systems Engineering department.  The teaching language is Hebrew.  
 
Applications should consist of a letter of intent, current curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a statement of teaching philosophy, teaching interests, and teaching achievements, a statement of research interests and achievements, copies of 3 recent publications, and the names of at least three referees.
Relevant industrial experience is an asset.

Review of the applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Electronic applications should be emailed no later than December 15 2012  to:

 Prof. Bracha Shapira , bshapira@bgu.ac.il
 
At the department of Information Systems Engineering the candidate will find a young and dynamic environment with active research groups in diverse information systems and information technologies themes, such as systems modeling, data mining, medical informatics, recommender systems, and information security. 

Information about the Information Systems Engineering department at Ben-Gurion University can be found at  www.ise.bgu.ac.il