URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352383084.html

Posted Date:08-Nov-2012

Posted By :Ryan Johnson

Job Description:

﻿The Department of Mathematical & Computational Sciences, University of Toronto Mississauga and the Graduate Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto invite applications for a tenure-stream position in Computer Systems. The appointment is at the rank of Assistant Professor and will begin on July 1, 2013. Specific areas of interest include operating systems, networks, distributed systems, database systems, computer architecture, programming languages and software engineering.

The University of Toronto is an international leader in computer science research and education, and the Department of Mathematical and Computational Sciences enjoys strong ties to other units within the University. The successful candidate will be expected to participate actively in the Graduate Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto.

Candidates should have (or be about to receive) a Ph.D. in computer science or related field. We seek outstanding applicants with an ability to pursue innovative research at the highest level and with a strong commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching.  Evidence of excellence in teaching and research is required. Salaries are competitive with our North American peers and will be determined according to experience and qualifications. 

Applicants should apply online at http://recruit.cs.toronto.edu, and include curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a research and teaching statement, and the names and email addresses of at least three references. Other supporting materials may also be included. We will not accept applications submitted by post.   

Review of applications will begin on January 7, 2013 and continue until the position is filled. To ensure full consideration applications should be received by February 4, 2013.

For more information about the Department of Mathematical and Computational Sciences please visit our home page: http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/math-cs-stats/.  

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.