URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352287803.html

Posted Date:07-Nov-2012

Posted By :Iris Reinhartz-Berger

Job Description:
The Department of Information Systems at the University of Haifa invites applications for faculty at all levels. 
 
The department of Information Systems at the University of Haifa is a young and vibrant department where the candidate will find a dynamic environment with active research groups in diverse information systems and information technologies themes. Bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees are offered. Areas of research include: information systems modeling, theoretical foundations and methodologies for systems analysis and design, automation of systems development, enterprise modeling (ERP), medical informatics, bioinformatics, software engineering, meta-modeling, ontologies, requirements engineering, software testing, ,quality assurance, data warehouse, data mining, business intelligence, user modeling, human-computer interaction, personal and adaptive multimedia information delivery, information filtering. The teaching language is Hebrew.

Applications are invited for full-time, tenure-track faculty position, at all levels in the area of Information Systems, starting at 01. October 2013. 

Applicants must possess a Ph.D. in the area of Information Systems, Computer Science or a related discipline.

Applications should consist of a letter of intent, current curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a statement of teaching philosophy,  teaching interests  and teaching achievements, a statement of research interests and achievements, copies of 3 recent publications, and the names of at least three referees.

Relevant industrial experience is an asset.

Review of the applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Electronic applications should be emailed no later than December 31 2012  to:

Dr. Tsvi Kuflik , tsvikak@is.haifa.ac.il

More information about the Information Systems department at the University of Haifa can be found at  http://is.haifa.ac.il/.
