URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1352128520.html

Posted Date:05-Nov-2012

Posted By :Davide Bolchini

Job Description:

Tenure-track Faculty Positions
Indiana University – School of Informatics at IUPUI

The Indiana University School of Informatics invites applications for two tenured or tenure-track faculty positions in its new (as of July 1, 2013) Department of Human-Centered Computing. The appointment will begin August 1, 2013 at the Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) campus. Exceptional researchers are being sought to join our new, fast-growing, dynamic department. Candidates must demonstrate an outstanding scholarly record and excellent research credentials, exhibited by original peer-reviewed publications in highly-selective international venues, and a forward-looking, vigorous research agenda that will secure competitive, external funding. While we are seeking candidates in all areas of Human-Centered Computing, we are particularly interested in those with strong research and teaching experience in one or more of the following areas: Human Computer Interaction (HCI), ubiquitous and pervasive computing; digital gaming theory, applications, and simulations; interactive visualization and discovery environments for “big data,” especially in the health and life sciences. 
Appointments at all ranks will be considered.


Qualifications:
· Ph.D. in an area such as human-centered computing, human–computer interaction, information science, computer science, communications, design, informatics, or related fields. Applicants must have completed their doctorate degree by the date of appointment.
· Demonstrated ability to develop a record of outstanding research productivity and high scholarly impact
· Demonstrated ability to secure external research funding
· Proven ability to exhibit effective teaching at the undergraduate and graduate level
· A strong commitment to teaching, mentoring, interdisciplinary research, and cultural diversity

The Department of Human-Centered Computing is home to a dynamic and interdisciplinary group of 21 faculty members and over 500 students across its Informatics, Media Arts & Science, and Human-Computer Interaction programs. The Department offers a Bachelor of Science in Informatics, a Bachelor and Master of Science in Media Arts and Science, an Undergraduate Certificate, Graduate Certificate, and Master of Science in Human-Computer Interaction, and a Ph.D. in Informatics, Human–Computer Interaction Track. The faculty in the department conduct groundbreaking research in the areas of emerging media technologies, human-computer interaction design, ubiquitous computing, collaborative decision-making, computer-mediated communication and cross-cultural cognition, human–robot interaction and android science, and biomedical visualization.
For additional information about the Indiana University School of Informatics, including degrees, course descriptions, plans of study and faculty research, please see http://www.informatics.iupui.edu .
http://informatics.iupui.edu/openings/

Submit PDF files containing (1) curriculum vita, (2) cover letter explaining your interest in this position, (3) research statement and philosophy of teaching, and (4) the names and contact information of three
references to:
Teresa Stukey, Human Resources Coordinator
Email: informhr@iupui.edu 
To ensure full consideration, please submit your application materials by December 1, 2012. However, the position will remain open until filled.

The School of Informatics is eager to consider applications from women and people of color. Indiana
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.