URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1351837093.html

Posted Date:02-Nov-2012

Posted By :Taneli Mielikäinen

Job Description:
Data Insight team in Nokia CTO Advanced Engineering is looking for
data intensive-computing & distributed systems, data mining & machine
learning, and visual analytics & human-data interfaces researchers
with passion to transform research from interesting ideas and
promising results into delightful solutions and useful systems in
practice.

We focus on the challenges and opportunities in Nokia's data
landscape, conducting research on processes and techniques to derive
insights from data and to bring the value of the data to the end
users. The approach combines the theoretical foundations of data
analysis and computer science, real-world data mining, interactive
visualizations, and hands-on skills on rapid development of scalable
systems with practical relevance.

We are an interdisciplinary, agile team of machine learning,
distributed systems and information visualization researchers, with a
just-do-it attitude. We study, design and realize scalable solutions
for data understanding and utilization. We strive extending ourselves
to new topics and eagerly sharing knowledge with colleagues whose core
competencies might be in other topics.

To apply, please send your resume to datainsight@nokiaresearch.com


Visual Analytics and Human-Data Interfaces

You will be responsible for transforming complex datasets and
computational models into understandable and engaging visualizations
and other representations. You will be pushing traditional limits of
information visualization and data user interfaces by producing unique
representations of unique data sources together with the team. In many
cases that requires also theoretical insights into mathematical
properties of high-dimensional and otherwise complex data spaces. The
position requires the ability to deeply understand multi-faceted and
multi-dimensional information, as well as the creativity that is
required to condense and illustrate the most relevant aspects of the
models and the underlying data.

As your visualizations will work as a communication medium and as a
way to understand complex phenomena, you need to know how to convert
seemingly chaotic information into an easily understandable and
intuitive form. You have a solid sense of graphical aesthetics
including attention to navigation, layout, color and typography. You
devote meticulous attention to user experience and goals, and
test/refine consistently.

You enthusiastically implement even your most far-fetched ideas in
practice, thus strong technical expertise in visualization tools and
programming languages is a must. You are extremely comfortable
expressing yourself with modern Web technologies such as HTML5. We
value experience producing customer-facing web applications. Expertise
in other data analysis frameworks and programming languages such as
Python, Haskell and R is highly desirable. You have a strong passion
for designing interfaces, from inception to completion if necessary.


Data Mining and Machine learning

As a data mining and machine learning expert you will be responsible
for transforming terabytes of data into actionable models and
descriptive knowledge. Your work includes gathering, processing and
analyzing large dynamic real-world data sources, building
computational and statistical models, discovering general mechanisms
and best practices for data analysis, developing novel and useful
machine learning and data mining techniques, providing fresh
viewpoints to the foundations of data analysis, impacting the research
communities around data and computing, and making the world a better
place.

You have extensive expertise in both the theory and practice of
machine learning and data mining. You are familiar with the different
paradigms of data analysis, such as statistical learning theory,
Bayesian statistics, algorithmic information theory, data mining,
inductive inference and so on, and you understand the conceptual and
practical strengths and weaknesses in them. You are well-versed with
various machine learning and data mining methods, being able to decide
what method would be suitable for the task at hand, how to use it and
why that makes sense, and to extend the existing approaches to any new
situations as needed.

You enjoy the art of programming. You can express your ideas fluently
in a variety of programming languages, such as Python, Haskell,
Erlang, C and R. You can solve problems with large volumes of data and
you know how to cope with computationally hard problems. You are
motivated to take your research beyond data mining and machine
learning, and are excited by the prospect of creating usable prototype
systems. You are aware of various existing tools and systems for data
processing and are willing to re-use solutions engineered by others.


Data-Intensive Computing and Distributed Systems

As an expert in data-intensive systems, you will be responsible for
designing and implementing demanding, distributed server-side software
for various tasks related to large-scale data processing and web
services, ranging from massive offline processing to the real-time
construction of predictive models. You have a deep understanding of
distributed computing and scalable data management systems. You are
willing to rethink the current distributed computing primitives and
abstractions for data-driven systems, and evaluate the practical
benefits of new ones. You use sound engineering techniques like
property and regression testing.

You look forward to utilizing hundreds of servers in parallel using
techniques like Map/Reduce and enjoy playing with terabytes of
data. You are passionate about programming, have a developed sense of
aesthetics, excellent coding skills and deep knowledge on programming
paradigms and languages, such as Python, Erlang, Haskell, C and
Ocaml. Contributions to Open Source projects, especially in the field
of scalable systems, are a big plus. As you will be working with
data-intensive systems research projects, knowledge of machine
learning and data mining methods is very useful.

You have a solid understanding of algorithmics, so you are able to
help other researchers to implement scalable and distributed versions
of various methods in large-scale data processing. You are familiar
with standard web techniques, both on the client and the server
side. Deep experience with Linux and other unices, as well as core
internetworking technologies is a must. You know how to build a system
that can handle 10K HTTP requests per second and achieves five-nines
availability, or a terabyte-scale storage system that can store and
access 10^9 data items efficiently without using a relational
database. You see beauty in simplicity.
