URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-11/1351748908.html

Posted Date:01-Nov-2012

Posted By :Jin-Young Park

Job Description:

Faculty Positions at the Department ofInformation and Communication Engineering (ICE)


Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science & Technology (DGIST), located in Daegu, Korea, is a government-funded research-oriented institute. 
The Institute offers programs at the Doctorate, Masters, and Bachelor levels in the fields of science and engineering.

The Department of ICE at DGIST specializes in Cyber Physical Systems (CPS), and has several openings for tenure-track professors. 
All lectures and research activities will be conducted in English. Applicants can apply for this position regardless of their nationality.

Applicants should have a Ph.D. in Computer Science (CS) or Electrical Engineering (EE), or closely related fields,
 and demonstrated strength in scholarly research with at least 2 years of professional experiences after earning Ph.D. degree. 
Applicants must also have interpersonal skills for working in a cooperative manner with colleagues within and across departments in carrying out teaching, research, and service.

We are especially interested in applications from candidates in the following areas although we also seek exceptional candidates in other areas of CS and/or EE (describe your specialty explicitly in your cover letter.)

?	- Distributed/parallel computing, and operating systems
?	- Architecture, compiler, runtime support
?	- Analog circuit, Integrated circuit, and VLSI design
?	- Medical and image signal processing, machine learning, computer vision
?	- Control and systems theory with interdisciplinary applications

Salary, incentive, and rank will be commensurate with qualifications. Please submit your Application Form for DGIST at http://faculty.dgist.ac.kr.
 We will contact you if your qualifications meet our need. The application process will continue until the positions are filled. For more questions, 
feel free to contact  Prof. Sang Hyuk Son(son@dgist.ac.kr).
