URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359142353.html

Posted Date:25-Jan-2013

Posted By :Hasan Jamil

Job Description:
Department of Computer Science
University of Idaho
Moscow, Idaho


BCB Graduate Student Fellowships

The Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology (BCB) is pleased to offer up to five
graduate student fellowships at the PhD level for the academic year 2013-2014. These fellowships, which
are made possible by funds provided by the Institute for Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies (IBEST)
and the BCB Program will provide successful applicants with:

• A 12 month stipend of $21,000
• Payment of graduate student fees and Tuition
• Payment of annual health insurance
• Travel funds ($1000) to be used toward attending a scientific conference in the applicant’s field

This fellowship is initially for one year. Continuance of the fellowship will depend upon successful
completion of the first year and satisfactory progress by the fellow.

Application Process

Interested applicants should contact Dr. Hasan Jamil at jamil@uidaho.edu immediately. Completed applications
must be submitted by e-mail no later than February 11, 2013. To apply, please send a CV, copies of your
trascript, three reference letters, and copies of all your publications, if any. We are interested in
candidates who are interested in the discovery and evolution gene regulatory networks, and protein-protein
interaction networks toward disease gene identification.

The University of Idaho, located in the rolling Palouse hills of northern Idaho, is a leading public
university in the Northwest. A land-grant University, we attract nearly 12,000 students, and are known
for academic excellence, exceptional student life experience, outstanding creative and research
opportunities, and accomplishments of both our high-achieving students and graduates.  Through insight
and innovation, and a legacy of leadership, the University of Idaho enriches the lives of people
throughout the region and the world.

At our main campus in Moscow, Idaho – and our centers throughout the state – students find many
opportunities to share in our community and culture. We offer a distinctive combination of outstanding
majors and graduate programs, accomplished faculty, world-class facilities, renowned research and a
residential campus in a spectacular natural setting.  Established in 1889, UI is the state’s flagship
research intensive university with annual research expenditure close to $100 million.

University of Idaho is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and sensitive about the needs
of dual career couples. Applications from women and minorities are strongly encouraged.