URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359409048.html

Posted Date:28-Jan-2013

Posted By :Leonard Brown

Job Description:
The College of Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Texas at Tyler invites nominations and applications for Chair of the Department of Computer Science.

The successful candidate must have an earned doctorate in computer science, computer information systems, or a closely related field; excellent communication and leadership skills; and a record of excellence in undergraduate and graduate teaching, research, scholarship, and service. A demonstrated ability to develop a strong externally funded research program in emerging area(s) of computer science is expected. The candidate’s record of teaching, scholarship, and research should warrant appointment at the rank of full professor with tenure. Responsibilities of the chair include administrating the department and leading the growth of its programs; recruiting and retaining high-quality faculty and students; developing, maintaining, and promoting an environment of excellence in teaching, scholarship, and research; planning for CAC/ABET accreditation; establishment of collaborative relationships with business, industry, and government organizations; and development of significant external funding.

UT Tyler, a component of The University of Texas System, is located in the beautiful East Texas lake country on the I-20 corridor about 100 miles east of Dallas and 200 miles north of Houston. Information about the department, college, and university can be found at http://www.uttyler.edu. Screening of applications will begin March 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. The anticipated starting date is August 2013. Interested applicants should submit a letter of application summarizing their qualifications, a statement of their vision for computing education, a statement of their leadership and management philosophy, their curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information for at least four references to csdeptchairsearch@uttyler.edu. The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate eligibility to work in the United States. This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code Section 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain criminal history record information. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The University of Texas at Tyler is an Equal Opportunity Employer.