URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359021685.html

Posted Date:24-Jan-2013

Posted By :Elaine Chu

Job Description:

Assistant Professor (Business Analytics)

The Department of Decision Sciences and Managerial Economics (DSE) at CUHK Business School, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, invites applications for one tenure-track position in Business Analytics at the Assistant Professor level to begin in August 2013. 

Candidates with Ph.D. degree in Statistics, Information Systems, Econometrics, Operations Research/Operations Management, and related fields are invited to apply. We are especially interested in candidates with experience and/or interest in working in the emerging field of "Big Data". Applicants should demonstrate potential for excellence in research and teaching. The appointed is expected to generate high quality research publications and develop and teach courses in Business Analytics at both undergraduate and Master levels. 

Please send full resume together with copies of qualification documents, a publication list and/or selected abstracts, recent teaching-related information such as teaching evaluations and at least three references to: Chairman, Department of Decision Sciences and Managerial Economics, Room 901, Cheng Yu Tung Building, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong [Fax: 852-2603 5104 or Email: dse@cuhk.edu.hk]. The position will close no sooner than May 3, 2013, and will remain open until filled.

About DSE Department and CUHK Business School
DSE is one of six departments within the CUHK Business School. The department covers three areas of studies: Operations Management, Management Information Systems, and Business Economics. The CUHK Business School was the first to offer MBA and EMBA courses in Hong Kong. Today, the School offers 10 undergraduate programs and 31 graduate programs, with its MBA program ranked no. 28 in the Financial Times¡¦ 2012 global MBA rankings and EMBA program ranked no.14 in the Financial Times¡¦ 2011 global EMBA rankings. CUHK has the largest number of business alumni (21,000+) in Hong Kong ¡V many of whom are key business leaders. The faculty currently has more than 4,000 undergraduate and graduate students.