URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358931103.html

Posted Date:23-Jan-2013

Posted By :Matteo Golfarelli

Job Description:

Position in Business Intelligence as a Fixed-Term Researcher (Ricercatore a tempo determinato)
 
The Business Intelligence Group at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering - University of Bologna (Italy) is looking for an outstanding researcher to fill a fixed-term position.

The Business Intelligence (BI) research group (http://www-db.deis.unibo.it/research/BI/) is active since 1998 on several topics in the BI area. The researcher will work on Advanced Architectures and Techniques for Business Intelligence; in particular, the research will focus on:

* Advanced techniques for data analysis through the embedding of data mining algorithms in OLAP and the adoption of personalized querying processes;
* Extending BI systems to semi- and non-structured data, possibly enriched with semantic information or information obtained using Natural Language Understanding algorithms;
* Cloud and distributed architectures supporting collaborative and on-demand BI.
 
Based on the research goals, the researcher will be involved in the following activities:
1. Study of innovative techniques for data analysis and, more specifically, study of new OLAP operators to exploit data mining techniques (OLAM);
2. Study of techniques for personalizing analysis session and navigating the query results;
3. Study of algorithms for integrating semantic, semi-structured, and unstructured data in BI systems;
4. Study and development of distributed and extensible BI platforms in inter-company collaboration scenarios.

Further topics and research activities could be developed, provided that they are tightly coupled with the BI area.
 
Required expertizes are:
- Databases and database theory
- Data warehousing and BI
- Data mining, text mining, and natural language processing.
 
The ideal candidates should have a PhD degree with top performance in a field that is related to the areas mentioned above. They should have a proven track record of system development as well as in conducting original research and in publishing results in top conferences and journals. They should be proactive,  self-motivated, and capable of working both autonomously and in a team.
Knowledge of the Italian language is not required, while excellent oral and written English is necessary.
 
The Official call for applications is available at:
http://www.unibo.it/Portale/Personale/Concorsi/RicercatoriTempoDeterminato/BandoRif3585.htm

The start date for this position is expected to be May 2013, or as soon as possible after that. The position is for 3 years, renewable for 2 additional years. Gross salary will be around 34.500 Euro per year.
 
The main venue for the position will be the Cesena Campus (60 kms from Bologna). Cesena is a nice city with a well-preserved historic center, conveniently located near the glamorous Riviera Adriatica. Cesena is home to many University degrees and in particular to the Computer Science and Engineering degree. Cesena offers a variety of cultural and sports opportunities all year around, as well as excellent food and wine.

Inquiries for further information can be sent directly to matteo.golfarelli@unibo.it.


Matteo Golfarelli


-----------------------------------------------------------
Matteo Golfarelli (Phd)
c.d.l. Scienze e Tecnologie Informatiche
University of Bologna
Via Sacchi 3, 47521 Cesena (FC)
Tel: ++39 (0)547 - 338862
Fax: ++39 (0)547 - 338890
e-mail: matteo.golfarelli@unibo.it
www: http://bias.csr.unibo.it/golfarelli/
----------------------------------------------------------- 