URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358913919.html

Posted Date:22-Jan-2013

Posted By :Luciano Ahumada

Job Description:

Academic Position in Computer Science
-------------------------------

The Escuela de Informatica y Telecomunicaciones at Universidad Diego
Portales in Santiago, Chile, is requesting applications to an academic
position at the level of assistant/associate professor.

Qualifications:

- An earned Ph.D. in Computer Science or closely related field is
required, with research interests in databases, data structures,
artificial intelligence, computer vision, software engineering,
software architecture, or related disciplines. Applicants in the late
stage of doctoral studies will also be considered. The selected
candidate is expected to teach undergraduate and postgraduate courses
in Spanish; supervise theses; conduct high quality research in
collaboration with industry and government; publish in top
international journals, and participate in outreach activities.

- Relevant applied research or industry experience is a plus. ISI
publications would be extremely welcome. Applicants must have the
ability to teach computer science engineering related courses other
than their own major (such as programming courses, databases, among
others). Applicants must have a strong commitment to undergraduate
education and teaching excellence. A willingness to collaborate with
both students and faculty and to become involved in university service
is essential.

- The successful candidate need not be fluent in Spanish at the moment
of applying, though he/she must have excellent oral and written
communication skills. In addition, the candidate must have observable
dedication to undergraduate education; enthusiasm for professional
engagement with students in and out of the classroom; and ability to
work in teams in a collegial environment.


For confidential consideration submit before march 30, by email, a
statement of purpose, curriculum vitae, a copy of your most recent
publications, and two letters of reference,
to: ingenieria.informatica@mail.udp.cl

More information and application instructions available at http://bit.ly/XyiCCY


Best regards,
Escuela de Informatica y Telecomunicaciones
Universidad Diego Portales
Santiago - Chile
E-mail: ingenieria.informatica@mail.udp.cl