URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358843048.html

Posted Date:22-Jan-2013

Posted By :Fabio Antonelli

Job Description:

SENIOR RESEARCHER IN MOBILE COMPUTING

CREATE-NET is seeking a well motivated Senior Researcher in the area of mobile computing. 
This position requires a good balance of both theoretical and technical/hands-on experience 
in the design and implementation of applications for mobile systems that make use of mobile data sensing, 
collection and analysis technologies, in combination with communication technologies for the mobile domain. 
With specific respect to the main tasks assigned to the candidate, she/he will be involved in an European project 
for the development of a platform that will offer a collaborative marketplace for creating innovative applications 
and services combining Internet of Services and Internet of Things, physical and virtual objects.   
The main duties of the candidate will be the technical supervision and direct contribution of activities pertaining 
requirements analysis, design and realization of mobile services to be deployed on mobile devices to make them accessible, 
interoperable and integrated with all objects and services offered by the whole marketplace platform, 
and the implementation of specific mobile application scenarios foreseen in the project. 
Focusing on a prototyping approach and working in collaboration with other researchers, 
she/he will have the responsibility to design and develop the necessary software components 
(both for mobile devices and backend systems) of the marketplace platform.
The ideal candidate should have meaningful experience in identifying and designing technical solutions in the mobile field, 
coordinating and contributing to the related development activities. 
Successful candidates must be highly self-motivated individuals, who seek to establish a dynamic and creative team environment 
in which problem solving is complemented with modern creative and innovative approaches. 
A candidate with positive bias towards developing her/his research skills and able to show 
positive attitude towards implementation of developed solutions will indeed be preferred.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. Technical supervision of the analysis, design and implementation activities for the realization  of mobile computing services and internal coordination of project technical team;
2. Design and implementation of mobile data gathering and analysis services, communication and security functionalities;
3. Definition and implementation of business logic and open interfaces for exposure and integration of mobile services into a SOA environment;  
4. User requirements collection and analysis, design, implementation and testing of specific use cases pertaining the implemented services.

Technical skills: 
- Fundamentals of: telecommunication engineering, algorithms, solid quantitative evaluation capabilities and analytical insight.
- Mobile development: Android, IoS;  Java: Spring, Hibernate, JDBC, SQL, Servlet, JSP, Web Services, REST (C/C++ programming) 
- Experience in Web development and technologies: Javascript, XHTML, php, ajax.
- Working experience and knowledge of Object-Oriented programming familiarity with development environments (such as Eclipse, ANT, JUnit, Doxygen, log4j) and versioning systems (SVN, CVS).

Organization skills: 
- Technical project management expertise
- Good communication skills (both oral/written);
- Autonomous thinking and problem solving skills;
- Prioritization, time management skills and capability to adapt to dynamic environments;
- Hands-on software development with other collaborators;
- Minimum 5 years information technology experience;
- Master Degree or equivalent experience.

Previous experiences in working in EU projects is a meaningful additional record.

Working place: Trento, top ranked Italian city for quality of life and known for hosting a large number of cutting-edge worldwide recognized research institutions.

Languages:  Excellent command of the English language is essential; knowledge of the Italian language is considered as a plus. 

Working schedule:  Full-Time 

HOW TO APPLY: 
Please send your resume/CV in English to careers@create-net.org
specifying in the email subject: “SENIOR RESEARCHER IN MOBILE COMPUTING - CN”. 