URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359404241.html

Posted Date:28-Jan-2013

Posted By :Sanjay Madria

Job Description:
Missouri University of Science and Technology
Computer Science - Department Chair?

The Department of Computer Science at the Missouri University of Science and Technology (S&T) invites applications for the position of Department Chair starting Fall 2013. The successful candidate will assume a leadership role in the department to strengthen and expand the department’s research and teaching missions. Candidates must, by the date of appointment, have the qualifications and standing to be appointed as a tenured full professor.   The candidate should have a strong record of research and teaching at a university, but candidates from industry with a strong research record coupled with academic and administrative experience are encouraged to apply.

We seek a proactive and personable individual with demonstrated, or have the potential for, strong academic leadership and be committed to promoting the department nationally and internationally. The successful candidate must be an advocate for the students, faculty, and staff and for the departmental and campus academic and strategic visions for how to move the department to the next level in terms of both research and teaching, continuing the department’s trend of improved research and teaching in recent years. The candidate must be able to create the conditions necessary for enhancing faculty development and creativity, be successful in working with the administration to bring in the resources essential for department growth, and be willing to travel and fund-raise. On campus, the successful candidate must be able to work closely with other units to achieve strategic goals and encourage collegiality, consensus, team building, and open communications both within the department and campus-wide. Superior written and oral communications skills are required.  Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. Further detail on required and desired Attributes, Skills, and Characteristics is available at: http://cs.mst.edu

The department’s current research strengths are in software engineering, mobile and distributed systems, cyber security and information assurance, social-cyber-physical systems and critical infrastructure protection, computational intelligence, pervasive computing, and wireless and sensor networks. Recent funding sources include NSF, NSA, ARL, AFRL, NIST, Sandia National Laboratories, as well as the U.S. Departments of Energy, Defense, and Education. The department’s visions and strategic plan,  activities, and research are detailed further on our web site: http://cs.mst.edu

The department has 18 full-time faculty lines as well as some joint appointments and adjunct faculty, and grants  BS, MS and Ph.D. degrees as well as graduate certificates and a minor. The program is ABET accredited. As of fall semester 2012, the department has over 350 BS, 50 MS, and 30 Ph.D. students. The department leads two centers and many of our faculty members participate in interdisciplinary research with several campus research centers and departments.

The Missouri University of Science and Technology, with an enrollment of over 7600 students, is Missouri's premier technological research university and one of four campuses of the University of Missouri system. It is situated in the beautiful Ozark woodlands with abundant opportunities for outdoor activities.  The urban environment of St. Louis is 90 minutes away via interstate highway.  
?Interested candidates should electronically submit an application consisting of a cover letter, current curriculum vitae, a statement of leadership philosophy and research and teaching interests and goals, evidence of teaching, research, and communications skills,  and complete contact information for five references who will be contacted if the candidate is under serious consideration, to the Missouri University of Science and Technology’s Human Resource Office at  http://hraadi.mst.edu/hr/employment/.  Review of applications will begin February 15, 2013.  Applications received after April 1, 2013 will not be given consideration. For more information prior to submitting an application, please contact the Search Committee Chair, Dr. Bruce McMillin, at ff@mst.edu or the Search Committee Vice-Chair, Dr. Sanjay Madria, at madrias@mst.edu.

All submitted application materials must have the position reference number in order to be processed. Acceptable electronic formats that can be used for email attachments include PDF and Word; hardcopy application materials will not be accepted.

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify.  For more information on E-Verify, please contact DHS at  1-888-464-4218.

The final candidate is required to provide official transcript(s) for any college degree(s) listed in application materials submitted. Copies of transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment.  In addition, the final candidate may be required to verify other credentials listed in application materials.  Failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may result in the withdrawal of the job offer.

Missouri S&T is an AA/EO Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or status as Vietnam-era veteran.  Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Missouri S&T is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples.