URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358778302.html

Posted Date:21-Jan-2013

Posted By :Can Türker

Job Description:

Java and Web Engineer at FGCZ, Zurich, Switzerland

The Functional Genomics Center Zurich (FGCZ) is an interdisciplinary research and 
training center of the University of Zurich and the ETH Zurich. With B-Fabric 
(http://www.bfabric.org) an innovative infrastructure has been developed for 
managing and integrating all data produced at FGCZ. B-Fabric is implemented based 
on open-source technologies and successfully used in production for six years. 
We are seeking a young, highly-motivated Java and Web engineer for our development 
team. The position offers a challenging opportunity at a key intersection of 
rapidly moving fields. 

RESPONSIBILITIES

The position's responsibility includes the implementation, maintenance, and support 
of software solutions. The primary focus will be on advancing B-Fabric. The candidate 
will collaborate with bioinformatics experts and scientists to achieve this goal.

REQUIREMENTS

The ideal candidate has a degree in computer science or an equivalent expertise 
with good programming skills in Java. Apart from the readiness for independent and 
team-oriented working, we expect basic knowledge and experiences in database systems 
(SQL), middleware (Java EE, Hibernate), Web/XML technologies (JSF, Richfaces), Web 
Services, and Operating Systems (Linux, Windows). Knowledge of PostgreSQL and Apache 
Lucene is of advantage. Advanced knowledge of English and the ability to effectively 
interact in the interdisciplinary environment of the center is a prerequisite. 
Knowledge of German is helpful but not essential.

TERMS

Full-time position, starting immediately or upon agreement. Working place is the 
Functional Genomics Center Zurich, which is located at the Campus Irchel of the 
University of Zurich.

Interested candidates should send the usual application documents (including a full 
CV and a statement of interest) as a PDF document via email to tuerker@fgcz.ethz.ch.

For questions about the application procedure or the position, please contact:

Dr. Can Türker
Winterthurerstrasse 190, Y32H06
8057 Zurich, Switzerland
tuerker@fgcz.ethz.ch 
+41 44 6353900
www.fgcz.ch