URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358777451.html

Posted Date:21-Jan-2013

Posted By :Pradeep Madhavarapu

Job Description:

Systems Developer at Amazon Web Services - NextGen database, storage, cloud computing: Palo Alto, CA


Join us to design and build a database fundamentally designed for the cloud.


Cloud computing is a paradigm shift for technology today. 
There are a lot of interesting systems challenges that need to be solved for 
building a database fundamentally designed for the cloud. As a member of 
AWS Database Services, you'll have the rare opportunity to shape fundamental 
components in an area with high business impact. 


Amazon Web Services Database Services team is looking for bright students
enthusiastic about systems development as well as experienced technical 
experts in relational databases and storage systems. We have multiple open 
positions at all levels from entry level to a senior architect level.
These are core systems development positions where you will own the design 
and development of significant systems software components critical to our  
database services architected for the cloud. 

This is a hands on position where you will be asked to do everything from 
building rock-solid components to mentoring other engineers. 
A sampling of areas and technologies involved: Database systems, 
RDBMS internals, virtualized storage, cloud, distributed systems, 
C/C++, Java, Linux, Unix operating systems.


In joining our team, you'll enjoy the best of both worlds: a fast moving 
environment of a startup where you can have a huge impact plus a very 
competitive salary and great benefits of a large company. We have open
positions in Palo Alto, CA and Seattle, WA. For more information on 
Amazon Web Services please visit: http://aws.amazon.com



Please contact "pradeep-madhavarapu AT amazon.com" for more information.





Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides companies of all sizes with an 
infrastructure web services platform in the cloud. With AWS you can 
requisition compute power, storage, and other services, gaining access 
to a suite of elastic IT infrastructure services as your business demands 
them. AWS is the leading platform for designing and developing applications 
for the cloud, has over 400,000 third party developers writing applications 
for the platform and is currently used by leading companies like 
New York Times, Netflix and NASA/JPL. See details at http://aws.amazon.com.

Database Services team within AWS is responsible for setting the database 
strategy and delivering distributed structured storage services to 
AWS customers for the relational and the non-relational database segments. 
This team delivers many services today such as 
RedShift (http://aws.amazon.com/redshift), RDS (http://aws.amazon.com/rds/), 
AWS DynamoDB (http://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/) 
and AWS ElastiCache (http://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/).
We believe that both AWS and Database Services business are in their infancy. 
Over the next few years, together they will represent a very large business 
for Amazon.