URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1358189716.html

Posted Date:14-Jan-2013

Posted By :William Grosky

Job Description:

The University of Michigan – Dearborn 
Department of Computer and Information Science
Assistant/Associate Professor

The Department of Computer and Information Science (CIS) at the University of Michigan-Dearborn invites applications for a tenure-track 
faculty position in software engineering. Rank and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. We offer competitive 
salaries and start-up packages.

Qualified candidates must have, or expect to have, a Ph.D. in computer science or a closely related discipline by the time of appointment 
and will be expected to do scholarly and sponsored research, as well as teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Candidates 
at the associate professor rank should already have an established funded research program. The CIS Department offers several BS and MS 
degrees, and participates in several interdisciplinary degree programs, including an MS program in software engineering and a Ph.D. program 
in information systems engineering. The current research areas in the department include computer graphics and geometric modeling, database 
systems, multimedia systems and gaming, networking, computer and network security, and software engineering. These areas of research are 
supported by several established labs and many of these areas are currently funded. 

The University of Michigan-Dearborn is located in the southeastern Michigan area and offers excellent opportunities for faculty collaboration 
with many industries. We are one of three campuses forming the University of Michigan system and are a comprehensive university with over 
8900 students. One of the university’s strategic visions is to advance the future of manufacturing in a global environment. 

The University of Michigan-Dearborn is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally-diverse and pluralistic faculty committed to teaching 
and working in a multicultural environment, and strongly encourages applications from minorities and women.

A cover letter, curriculum vitae including e-mail address, teaching statement, research statement, and three letters of reference should be 
sent to,

        Dr. William Grosky, Chair
        Department of Computer and Information Science
        University of Michigan-Dearborn
        4901 Evergreen Road
        Dearborn, MI 48128-1491
        Email: wgrosky@umich.edu, 
        Internet: http://www.cis.umd.umich.edu 
        Phone:  313.583.6424, Fax:  313.593.4256

The University of Michigan-Dearborn is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 