URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1357675440.html

Posted Date:08-Jan-2013

Posted By :NEC Labs Data Management Research

Job Description:


NEC Laboratories America is seeking outstanding researchers to join Data Management Department in Cupertino, CA. 

The current research focus of the group is to create cutting edge technologies for Data Management in the Cloud, Big Data Analytics, and Mobile Data Management.

(For more information on the CloudDB Project: http://www.nec-labs.com/dm/projects.php)
(For more information on the research programs: http://www.sigmod.org/publications/sigmod-record/1109/pdfs/07.centers.nec.pdf)

NEC Labs provide a unique industrial research environment where our researchers can pursue their passion in exploratory research projects and publish while they contribute to industrial products and services by working on real-life problems and applying ideas devised from their exploratory research.
Our organization is well connected with leading universities and thought leaders in academia, which gives the researchers rich opportunities for collaboration and exploration of wide range of research areas.

Candidates must have a Ph.D. degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science (or related fields) with solid data management background 
and strong publication record in related areas. Successful candidates are expected to be proactive with a can-do attitude, 
able to conduct research independently, and must have: 

- Deep understanding of data management systems and database internals
- Strong hands-on system building and prototyping skills
- Experience in distributed data management
- Good knowledge of emerging data models and data processing techniques (e.g., Key/Value Stores, Column-Oriented Databases, MapReduce etc.) 
- Knowledge of middleware technologies

Experience in Cloud Computing, SaaS, Service Oriented Computing, Mobile Data Management areas is a major plus.


For consideration, please submit your resume to https://neclabs.hua.hrsmart.com/ats/js_job_details.php?reqid=1150



About NEC Laboratories America:


NEC Labs (www.nec-labs.com) is a premier industrial research center renowned for technical excellence and high-impact innovations
who conducts research and development in support of global businesses by building upon NEC's long history of innovation.
Our research programs cover wide range of technology areas and maintain a balanced mix of fundamental and applied research
as they focus on innovations which are ripe for technical breakthrough. Our progressive environment provides exposure to 
industry-leading technologies and nurtures close collaborations with leading research universities and institutions.
Our collaborative atmosphere, commitment to developing talent, and extremely competitive benefits
ensure that we attract the sharpest minds in their respective fields ñ maintaining an impressive retention rate.
NEC Laboratories America is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey and has a second location in Cupertino, California,
where the data management group is located. 

 EOE/AA/MFDV