URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359381795.html

Posted Date:28-Jan-2013

Posted By :Jon Whittle

Job Description:
Senior Research Associate in Social Computing 

School of Computing and Communications, Lancaster University 
Salary: £31,331 to £36,298 
Closing Date: Wednesday 13 February 2013 
Interview Date: Wednesday 27 February 2013 

A post-doctoral research position is available in Social Computing at Lancaster University to develop and evaluate a social platform for users to reflect on work/life balance practices. 

Digital Brain Switch is a multidisciplinary, multi-institution research project led by Lancaster University and involving Royal Holloway London, the University of Kent, and the Open University. The aim of the project is to understand the impact of digital technologies on work/life balance and to investigate ways in which new digital technologies may support people to improve their work/life balance. The work at Lancaster will focus on designing, building and evaluating a social platform that will allow project participants to track their work/life behaviours and identify patterns that allow them to make changes that affect work/life balance. 

The position is available within the Social Computing research group which carries out research on projects funded to the amount of over £4M. Social Computing has been identified as a key growth area within the School of Computing & Communications with recent appointments including a Lecturer in Social Computing and a Lecturer in Big Data. 

This is a challenging role that offers significant growth potential for the right candidate. The project consortium includes world leading academics in their fields and thus offers excellent career progression opportunities through the network of contacts that will be built in the project. Lancaster’s School of Computing and Communications is consistently ranked in the top ten in the UK and offers a congenial and highly interactive working environment. The position would suit a researcher who enjoys the challenge of working with a team of researchers from different disciplines. 

For further details, please see: http://hr-jobs.lancs.ac.uk/Vacancy.aspx?ref=A638 