URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1357152138.html

Posted Date:02-Jan-2013

Posted By :Marlon Dumas

Job Description:

The Institute of Computer Science of University of Tartu (Estonia) is seeking applications for a position of Senior Lecturer in Data Mining. The position is suitable for ambitious early or mid-career academics seeking a next step in their careers. The successful candidate will have a doctoral degree and a promising research track record in the field of data mining. Other requirements include significant University teaching experience and a track record of supervision of Masters or PhD students. The working language for this position is English.

The position is initially for five years, renewable according to the University's regulations. Gross salary will be in the range of 2000-3000 euro/month depending on qualifications and experience. Other benefits include 56 days of annual leave and a sabbatical semester during the 5-year appointment. Relocation support will be provided if applicable. A starter's grant will be offered to the successful candidate in order to help them to build an independent research capacity within one of the institute's research groups - see http://www.cs.ut.ee/en/research. Additionally, it is expected that opportunities will be available for the successful candidate to embark in applied research projects in collaboration with the Estonian Software Technologies and Applications Competence Centre, of which University of Tartu is a key partner - see http://www.stacc.ee/projects

In the Estonian system, Senior Lecturer (Docent) is the position immediately below Professor. Senior lecturers are expected to conduct research independently and to actively supervise research students. The teaching load is 7 academic hours per week (one academic hour = 45 minutes).

University of Tartu (est. 1632) is ranked 350-400 by THE ranking and features in the top 1% of institutions in the field of Engineering according to ISI Thompson Reuters. The University's Institute of Computer Science has currently close to 600 students and over 50 full-time academic and research staff, out of which a quarter are international.

The deadline for applications is 4 February 2013. The application procedure is described in the official announcement:
http://www.ut.ee/en/data-mining-senior-lecturer

Inquiries can be addressed to the Head of Institute of Computer Science, Prof. Jaak Vilo (firstname.lastname at ut.ee).