URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1357143070.html

Posted Date:02-Jan-2013

Posted By :Justin Shi

Job Description:

Temple University

Department of Computer and Information Sciences

Tenure-Track Faculty 

Applications are invited for tenure-track, open rank, faculty positions in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences at Temple University. 

The junior position is in the software systems area, which includes 

* Software Engineering and Applications,  
* Database Systems, and 
* Programming Languages.

Applicants for the junior position should have the potential to develop a significant, funded research program. Applicants with collaboration potential with faculty in the current the research focus areas (data analytics/bioinformatics and computer networks/systems) are encouraged.

The senior position for Associate or Full Professor is open to all areas of computer science/engineering. Applicants for the senior position are expected to have an outstanding track record. 

All candidates are expected to contribute to our ongoing effort to build a stronger research department with increased national prominence, to advance our mission of high quality, personalized undergraduate and graduate instruction in both the CS and IS&T programs, to nurture interdisciplinary collaborations, and to work with the College and the University in advancing departmental strategic goals. Salaries for new faculty are highly competitive, and substantial resources have been allocated for startup funding.

The CIS Department has two undergraduate degree programs, one in Computer Science (CS) and one in Information Science and Technology (IS&T), a master’s program in CIS, a master’s program in IS&T, and a PhD program in CIS.  The department has undergone considerable growth in research in the past few years, during which research funding, publication rates, and the number of Ph.D. students has significantly increased. 

Located in Philadelphia, the 5th-largest city in the U.S., Temple University is a comprehensive research institution that serves more than 39, 000 students. It is the 26th largest university in the United States and is one of the nation’s leading centers of professional education.

Please submit applications with all requested information online at http://academicjobsonline.org. Senior position applicants, who are interested in the general future directions of the department, can also directly contact the department chair Dr. Jie Wu at jie.wu@temple.edu.

For further information check http://www.cis.temple.edu  or send email to 
Dr. Eugene Kwatny,
Chair, Faculty Search Committee
gkwatny@temple.edu 

Review of candidates will begin on January 2, 2013 and will continue until the positions are filled. Temple University is an equal opportunity, equal access, affirmative action employer committed to achieving a diverse community. Women and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. AA, EOE, m/f/d/v.
 