URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1356149476.html

Posted Date:21-Dec-2012

Posted By :Massimiliano Albanese

Job Description:

Tenured or tenure-track position in Applied Information Technology

The Applied Information Technology (AIT) Department in the Volgenau School of Engineering at George Mason University invites applications for a full-time, tenured or tenure-track teaching and research position to begin in Fall Term 2013. Applicants must have a Ph.D. degree in an area related to information technology from an accredited institution, strong academic credentials in teaching and research, and demonstrated success in the application of information technology. Industry experience in the application of information technology to solve compelling business problems is highly desirable. The successful applicant will have either a record of or a strong potential for obtaining external funding. Research areas of particular relevance to the Department’s graduate programs include Emerging Technologies, Cyber Security, Intelligence Technologies, Big Data and Advanced Analytics.

The AIT Department’s ABET-accredited Bachelor of Science Degree in Applied Information Technology (BSAIT) is George Mason University’s most popular major with approximately 1200 students. The BSAIT curriculum provides graduates with the information technology, business analysis and personal skills required for the application of information technology to enhance business processes. The Department also offers a management oriented Master of Science Degree in Applied Information Technology (MSAIT) focused towards the Federal Sector, and it participates in the School-wide Ph.D. in Information Technology Degree. The MSAIT has three areas of Concentration: Emerging Technologies, Cyber Security, and Intelligence Technologies. In addition, AIT provides interdisciplinary contract graduate instruction in Big Data and Advanced Analytics and is planning a graduate degree in these areas.

The Volgenau School of Engineering, with seven departments, four research centers, and 141 full-time faculty members is fast-tracked for strategic expansion. George Mason University is the largest state university in Virginia, and it is ranked by the U.S. News and World Report as the number one "up and coming" national university. It is located in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington D.C. within one of the largest concentrations of high-tech firms in the nation, providing excellent opportunities for interaction with government agencies and industry.

For full consideration please complete the online application at http://jobs.gmu.edu for position F9662Z. To apply, you will need to attach a cover letter, research agenda and a curriculum vitae. The research agenda should be attached as 'Other Doc'. The cover letter should address the applicant’s successes in the application of information technology as well as areas of research and teaching experience. Review of applications will begin January 15, 2013 and continue until the position is filled. For more information, please contact Dr. Donald Gantz, or Dr. Massimiliano Albanese.

George Mason University is an equal opportunity employer encouraging diversity.