URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1356070273.html

Posted Date:21-Dec-2012

Posted By :Tina Eliassi-Rad

Job Description:

Tenure-Track Position in Big Data (2013)

The Department of Computer Science and the Department of Statistics and Biostatistics at Rutgers University are seeking applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position starting September 2013.  We are particularly interested in candidates with research and teaching interests in “big data” – problems concerning data whose scale and diversity challenge the theory and practice of computer science and/or statistics. Candidates conducting their research in domains such as biomedical informatics, business, climate and environment, engineering, imaging and multimedia, and social analytics are especially encouraged to apply.

Applicants for this position must, at minimum, be in the process of completing a Ph.D. dissertation in Computer Science, Statistics, or a closely related field. Hired candidates who have not defended their Ph.D. by September 2013 will be hired at the rank of Instructor, and must complete the Ph.D. by December 31, 2013 to be eligible for tenure-track title retroactive to start date.

Application Instructions

Applicants should go to http://www.cs.rutgers.edu/employment/ and submit their curriculum vitae, a research statement addressing both past work and future plans, a teaching statement, and contact information for at least three references who will provide letters of recommendation.

For questions and issues, please contact:

Mary Hoffman
Computer Science Department
Rutgers University
110 Frelinghuysen Rd
Piscataway, NJ 08854
mth@cs.rutgers.edu
848 445-7062

Applications should be received by January 18, 2013 for full consideration.

Rutgers subscribes to the value of academic diversity and encourages applications from individuals with varied experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds. Females, minorities, dual-career couples, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Rutgers is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.
 