URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1355934759.html

Posted Date:19-Dec-2012

Posted By :Sara Olson

Job Description:


LAST CALL - Tenured Faculty positions at IMT Lucca – deadline December 31st 2012

As the Institute is seeking to strengthen its core research activities in the analysis and management of a variety of complex technological, socio-economic, and natural systems (in particular big-data, large-scale, and dynamical systems), IMT is currently looking for senior faculty members with a background in mathematics, engineering, computer science, economics, or physics, with research experience in domains such as (but not limited to) management science and quantitative finance, risk analysis, numerical analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data mining. While the aforementioned fields are considered desirable for the intended research trajectory of the institute, applications from exceptional candidates in other fields are also welcome. Candidates must have a strong theoretical background, an excellent record of high-impact international publications, a remarkable ability in leading research groups, and demonstrated experience in conducting/coordinating international projects. While the ability to teach PhD courses in English is mandatory, knowledge of Italian is not required. 

Interested candidates must apply by filling in the online application form at http://www.imtlucca.it/faculty/positions/professors_positions/2012/application.php. 

The deadline for applications is December 31st, 2012.

IMT Lucca (http://www.imtlucca.it) is a public research university that encompasses three complementary natures: a doctoral school, an institute for advanced studies, and an  institute of technology. IMT is an interdisciplinary research environment, blending scientific competences of economics and management science, engineering, computer science, physics, political sciences, and management of cultural heritage, striving to reach the fusion of theoretical comprehension and practical relevance in concrete applications.

For inquiries please contact scouting@imtlucca.it.   


Follow IMT on Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube. 