URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2013-01/1359332575.html

Posted Date:27-Jan-2013

Posted By :Syed Sibte Raza Abidi

Job Description:
Postdoc Positions in Semantic Web at Dalhousie University, Halifax, Canada

Two postdoctoral positions are available at the NICHE Research Group, Faculty of 
Computer Science for conducting research in the areas of semantic web with an applied 
focus in healthcare. In broad terms, the research program will cover semantic web 
research for knowledge modeling, decision support and data analytics. The research 
program is driven by a major (5-year) industry-funded project that involves the 
development and deployment of computerized decision support systems for the 
management of cardiovascular diseases. Semantic web research will be conducted to 
achieve (a) the modeling and execution of paper-based clinical guidelines, and (b) the 
modeling of institution-specific clinical processes to design and execute computerized 
clinical workflows. The decision support systems will be deployed for clinical use in 
healthcare institutions across the province and their efficacy will be evaluated through an 
major clinical trial. 

The research program offers excellent opportunities for pursuing innovative and practical 
interdisciplinary research at the cross-section of semantic web, health informatics, 
knowledge management and data analytics; with additional exposure to services 
oriented architectures, mobile computing and cloud computing. This is a collaborative 
research project with other partners including researchers/practitioners from the domains 
of health (cardiology, research methods, health systems, health education), health 
informatics and computer science. We are assembling a large team that will comprise 
researchers, post-docs, research assistants and graduate students (PhD and Masters). 

Applicants are required to hold a recently completed PhD degree in Computer 
Science/Health Informatics. The applicant needs to demonstrate expertise to conduct 
both theoretical and applied research in the areas of: semantic web, data analytics, 
health knowledge management. In addition, the candidate will be required to take part in 
application development activities and is required to demonstrate both interest and 
experience in application development using Java technologies, data analytics tools and 
semantic web tools. The applicant needs to demonstrate research experience through 
high-quality publications in the areas related to the project, where experience of work in 
the domain healthcare is a significant bonus. 
Interested candidates are requested to send an application by e-mail to Dr. Raza Abidi 
(sraza@cs.dal.ca) and Dr. Samina Abidi (Samina.Abidi@dal.ca).  The application should 
consist of a curriculum vitae, letter of intent describing research interests and future 
research plans, and the names with contact information for 3 referees (they will be 
contacted after the applicant has been interviewed). Salary will be commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. The position initially will be for one-year with the 
possibility for renewal (for an additional 3 years). The position is available from Feb 15 
2013, although start time is somewhat flexible. The application process is now open 
and will conclude with the hiring of the post-docs. 

Syed Sibte Raza Abidi
Professor of Computer Science
Director of Health Informatics
Director, NICHE Research Group
Faculty of Computer Science
Dalhousie University
Halifax, Canada

Website: www.cs.dal.ca/~sraza
Email: sraza@cs.dal.ca
Phone:  1-902-4942129