URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1355845865.html

Posted Date:18-Dec-2012

Posted By :Mauro Prevostini

Job Description:


Universit√  della Svizzera Italiana 
(University of Lugano)

Faculty of Informatics


Open position for professorship (tenure-track assistant, associate, or full)

The Universit√  della Svizzera italiana (Switzerland) invites applications for tenure-track Assistant Professor positions in computer science from candidates of international research standing. Excellent candidates for Full and Associate Professor positions will also be considered. The new professor will be expected to conduct world-class research in computer science and to contribute to teaching at all levels.

The Faculty of Informatics at the Universit√  della Svizzera italiana was established in October 2004. It offers Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD degrees in computer science, with an innovative, project-based, interdisciplinary curriculum. The research of the current faculty falls in most areas of software and computational science. We are looking to complement and extend our research areas. Applicants with a strong research record in all fields of informatics are welcome. We especially encourage applicants with particular interest in information and data management, including cloud-based storage systems and their performance measurement.
We welcome candidates with a strong interest in developing systems and tools in support of their research and teaching.

The official teaching language of the faculty is English.

Basic requisites
PhD or equivalent
Substantial research record commensurate with experience level 

Application materials including curriculum vitae, list of publications, the names of three referees, and an overview of personal teaching and research goals should be sent in electronic form (preferably in PDF format) to the following email address: submission.inf@usi.ch.

Closing date for application is February 15, 2013 .

The Universit√  della Svizzera italiana specifically encourages female candidates to apply with a view towards increasing the proportion of female professors.

General information about the Faculty of Informatics of the Universit√  della Svizzera italiana can be found at http://www.inf.usi.ch. 

Address questions concerning these open positions to decanato.inf@usi.ch.