URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1355827287.html

Posted Date:18-Dec-2012

Posted By :Dimitrios Gunopulos

Job Description:

Postdoctoral Positions in the University of Athens

We are soliciting applications for two postdoc positions in the 
Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, University of 
Athens:

Position 1:

The successful candidate will work on a new FP7-funded project:
"INSIGHT: Intelligent Synthesis and Real-tIme Response using 
Massive Streaming of Heterogeneous Data", involving seven European 
partners.

The successful candidate will have a PhD in Computer Science or
a related field and previous research experience in at least 
one the following topic areas: data mining, databases, machine
learning, web mining. Research in Social Networks or Stream and
Sensor Mining, and experience in industry-linked research projects 
are also desirable.

The position will be fixed-term for up to a year, with the possibility 
to be renewed for up to three years, depending on the success of 
the project. The salary is competitive depending on experience, 
skills, and track record. The starting date is negotiable but no 
later than mid-2013. The position will be based in Athens, Greece.

The deadline for submissions is Dec. 31, 2012, or until the position
is filled.

For information and applications, email Dimitrios Gunopulos, UoA:
dg@di.uoa.gr
kddlab.di.uoa.gr/dg.html


Position 2:

The successful candidate will work on a new ARISTEIA project: 
"Mining Mobility Data (MMD)" involving UoA and Athens University 
of Economics and Business. This research has been co-financed 
by the European Union (European Social Fund – ESF) and Greek 
national funds through the Operational Program "Education and 
Lifelong Learning" of the National Strategic Reference Framework.

The successful candidate will have a PhD in Computer Science or
a related field and previous research experience in at least 
one the following topic areas: data mining, databases, machine
learning, web mining. 

The position will be fixed-term for up to a year, with the possibility 
to be renewed for a second year. The salary is competitive depending 
on experience, skills, and track record. The starting date is 
negotiable but no later than Spring 2013. The position will be 
based in Athens, Greece.

For more information about this position, see this announcement:
http://www.elke.uoa.gr/procurements_persons.aspx
"PROSKLISI_13/12/2012"

The deadline for submissions is Dec. 28, 2012. 
If the position is not filled, a new announcement will be made.

For information and applications, email Dimitrios Gunopulos, UoA:
dg@di.uoa.gr
www.di.uoa.gr/kddlab/dg.html