URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1355213564.html

Posted Date:11-Dec-2012

Posted By :Francesco Ricci

Job Description:

Assistant Professor Position on Recommender Systems
"Ricercatore a tempo determinato"

The Database and Information Systems group at the Faculty of Computer 
Science at Free University of Bozen-Bolzano (Italy) is looking for an 
outstanding researcher to fill a position of Assistant Professor with 
research interests in the area of Recommender Systems. The position is 
starting from March 2013.

The Database and Information Systems group is active in a number of 
research projects in recommendation and personalization technologies 
and in particular on: context-aware recommender systems, group 
recommender systems, cross-domain recommendations, combining implicit 
and explicit feedback, sequential decision making for recommender 
systems, and applications in tourism, music, and eHealth.

We are looking for exceptional candidates with the following 
characteristics:

- PhD in computer science or a related technical field;	
- Teaching experience;
- Established track record of creating and publishing results of 
  high research quality;
- Strong technical skills and experience of programming;
- Substantial mathematical background;
- Experience of working on international projects;
- Excellent presentation skills.

The start date for this position is March 2013, or as soon as 
possible after that. The position is for 3 years renewable for 2 
additional ones. The appointee is expected to conduct independent 
research in one of above mentioned research projects, submit grant 
proposals, supervising undergraduate and graduate students, and 
engage in some teaching duties (at least 60 hours of frontal lectures 
per year). Some knowledge of Italian or German languages is desirable 
but not necessary at the beginning.

Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience, 
starting from a minimum of 42.000 Euro per year.  Interested 
candidates please send informal inquiries together with CV (including 
publication list) and a sample of three representative publications 
to: Francesco Ricci (fricci@unibz.it).

For more information,
Faculty of Computer Science at FUB: http://www.inf.unibz.it/
Recommender Systems: http://www.inf.unibz.it/~ricci/