URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1354946985.html

Posted Date:08-Dec-2012

Posted By :Panos Kalnis

Job Description:

King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST) invites applications for faculty positions 
at the rank of Full, Associate or Assistant Professor in the area of Computer Science.

KAUST, located on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia, is an international graduate-level research university 
dedicated to advancing science and technology through bold and collaborative research and to addressing 
challenges of regional and global significance, thereby serving the Kingdom, the region, and the world. 
Newly opened in September 2009, KAUST is an independent and merit-based university and welcomes exceptional 
faculty, researchers, and students from around the world. KAUST is committed to cutting-edge research in the 
globally significant areas of water, food, energy and the environment. In addition, KAUST emphasizes research 
on the discipline of Computational Science and Engineering serving as an enabling technology for all its 
research activities. Areas of interest are:

- Management of very large data
- Data mining and knowledge extraction
- Parallel and distributed systems
- Data security

High priority will be given to the overall originality and promise of the candidates work rather than the 
candidate's sub-area of specialization within Computer Science. An earned PhD in Computer Science, Computer 
Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field, and strong publication record are required. A successful 
candidate will be expected to teach courses at the graduate level and to build and lead a research group of 
postdoctoral fellows and graduate students. Faculty members enjoy secure research funding from KAUST and have 
opportunities for additional funding through several KAUST provided sources and through industry collaborations.

Applications submitted as a single PDF file should include a cover letter indicating the position of interest, 
a curriculum vitae with a list of publications, statements of research, and teaching interests, and the names and 
contact information of at least three references for an Assistant Professor position and at least six references 
for an Associate or Full Professor position. Review of applications will begin immediately; however, applications 
will be considered until all available positions have been filled. 

Applications and questions should be emailed to: cssearch@kaust.edu.sa

Further information about KAUST can be found at www.kaust.edu.sa

The appointment, promotion, and retention of faculty and staff, and all the educational and administrative activities 
of the University shall be conducted on the basis of equality, without regard to race, color, religion or gender.