URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1354733635.html

Posted Date:05-Dec-2012

Posted By :Jorge Perez

Job Description:

Department of Computer Science - Faculty of Physics and Mathematics
University of Chile

FACULTY POSITION
www.dcc.uchile.cl

The Department of Computer Science at the University of Chile invites
candidates to send applications for full-time positions in Computer
Science. We are seeking applicants with strong commitment to
undergraduate and graduate teaching and research in Computer Science
at international standards.

The Department of Computer Science (www.dcc.uchile.cl) of the Faculty
of Engineering of the University of Chile is a leader in scientific
research and science education in this country, as well as in Latin
America with Ph.D. and M.Sc. graduate programs. Some of the research
areas developed in this department are Algorithms and Data Structures,
Cryptography, Collaborative Systems, Databases, Computer Education,
Logic, Computer Graphics, Programming Languages, Distributed Systems,
Software Engineering, Semantic Web, Image Recognition and Robotics.

A PhD degree in Computer Science is required. Candidates should have
proven research abilities, backed by top-level publications in their
area of expertise, and be fluent in English.

Teaching will be conducted in Spanish, in which candidates are
expected to be fluent or willing to become fluent within a year.
Teaching experience is desirable as well.

Applications should include a cover letter containing a research,
teaching, and service statement; curriculum vitae; PhD diploma or
certificate; copies of the 5 most relevant publications ranked by
importance; and two confidential letters of recommendation. They
should be sent directly to the address indicated below.
Applications can be submitted anytime until January 25th, 2013.

Rank and salary (in Chilean pesos) will depend on academic background
and experience, and will follow the academic standards of the
University of Chile.

For further information please contact: Gonzalo Navarro,
(gnavarro@dcc.uchile.cl) and Nelson Baloian (nbaloian@dcc.uchile.cl),
phone             (56-2) 9780652

Send applications and accompanying information to:

Direccion Academica y de Investigacion
Facultad de Ciencias Fisicas y Matematicas