URL :http://research.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2012-12/1354677626.html

Posted Date:04-Dec-2012

Posted By :Jun Huan

Job Description:

The University of Kansas (KU) Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) seeks an outstanding individual for a tenure track position in the disciplines of computer science or computer engineering with a focus on computational life sciences research, including bioinformatics, biomedical informatics, and health informatics. The successful candidate is expected to contribute to the development of academic and research programs in computing with a focus on computational life sciences. KU strongly supports leading life sciences research in all aspects. There are many interdisciplinary collaboration opportunities involving different schools at KU using high throughput sequencing, high content screening, mass spectrometry, and brain imaging, to name a few examples. KU Medical Center is an NIH designated Cancer Center.

This search is focused on those with expertise in machine learning, data mining, statistical learning, distributed databases, big data analytics; all focused on computational life sciences problems. Other areas of computer science focused on computational life sciences maybe considered for exceptional applicants. Candidates are sought for assistant and associate professor level. The successful candidate has an earned doctorate or equivalent in computer science, computer engineering, or related fields. Demonstrated research and academic leadership is required for the senior rank.

EECS is the largest department in the KU School of Engineering, with 36 faculty members and a research volume of over $10 million. EECS offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, interdisciplinary computing, and information technology, and has approximately 450 undergraduate and 250 graduate students. 

The University of Kansas is especially interested in hiring faculty members who can contribute to four key campus-wide strategic initiatives:  (1) Sustaining the Planet, Powering the World; (2) Promoting Well-Being, Finding Cures; (3) Building Communities, Expanding Opportunities; and (4) Harnessing Information, Multiplying Knowledge. For more information, see http://www.provost.ku.edu/planning/themes/

The appointment will be effective as negotiated. Applications should include a letter of application, curriculum vita, a statement of research interests and future plans, a statement of teaching interests and future plans, in a single pdf file. The application package and three letters of recommendation should be sent separately to Dr. Jun Huan, the search chair, by emailing to EECS_bio_search@ku.edu. Questions should be sent to the same address as well. Applications will be reviewed beginning January 15, 2013 and will be accepted until the position is filled. For more information, see http://www.eecs.ku.edu/faculty/searches. Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.
12/4/2012