job_id : 0ab01aba23bba637         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Support Specialist Level 2
start_date : 
description: Provide telephone technical support and/or field repair service as requested for all QVI manufactured Multi Sensor measuring systems (Video, Laser, and Touch Probe). This includes actual repairs or technical support to others for mechanical, optical, electrical and software/computer operations. Includes the installation and calibrations of new systems, warranty support of these systems and long term PM & Calibrations of our installed base. Customer interaction is expected including site visits, coordination of customer requirements and assuring customer satisfaction with our services. Position requires a high degree of professional decorum as well as strong mechanical, optical and electrical aptitudes Supporting activities such as entering order data, searching for part component and price data, working with service tickets and incidents, sharing resultant information and knowledge, scheduling the field service and expediting material to customers will often be required to achieve a successful repair. The successful applicant will be expected to learn and understand our products and technology at a level sufficiently high enough so they can provide repair solutions to incoming questions/ problems primarily over the phone. A successful employee technical support performance will be measured as to the following: • Quantity and quality of service ticket processing • Quantity and quality of field services performed • Quantity and quality of incident resolutions • Level of system complexity proficiency achieved for diagnosis and repair • Number of customer complaints received regarding work performed • Number of “warranty of service” claims issued • Time spent to come to a successful resolution • The minimization of the time and expenses that were used to reach repair success This employee will be required to travel more than 50% of the time to customer’s sites, sales representative’s facilities or to trade events to conduct product repairs or otherwise support the sale as directed by management. The specialist must be able to communicate well with other internal departments to be able to relay product deficiencies and suggestions to engineering, manufacturing, sales and marketing for establishing customer satisfaction or product corrective action and preventative action. Adaptation to new products and technologies is required. This often requires learning new repair or manufacturing technologies, based on technical input from engineering staff, and specifications from the product-marketing group. The specialist needs to be detail oriented, and process driven in order to balance timeliness and quality of service. Metrics for quality and efficiency will be developed and maintained. Skill Requirements: • Computer literate in IBM PC. Must have knowledge of DOS/Windows based software, UNIX experience helpful. Strong PC hardware knowledge required. • Ability to demonstrate and explain the functionality of the product line he/she is responsible for. This includes and electronic, mechanical and basic software applications. • Electro-mechanical skills, including an ability to read blueprints and assemble, disassemble mechanical devices. Must be able to use basic hand tools and gages (mechanical & electronic), squares, parallels etc. • Metrology experience including an ability to read mechanical drawings, understand datum’s and symbols used on drawings. Understand the concept of measuring a part in a quality-controlled atmosphere. • Video knowledge including basic operation of theory CCD (capacitor coupled device), CID (charged injection device), TSL (Transversal Signal Line) B/W and color cameras. • A basic understanding of optics and the definitions of frequently used optical terms. • Ability to troubleshoot electronic equipment to the component level. Troubleshoot and repair PC boards, good soldering skills. Must be able to use electronic test equipment (i.e. oscilloscopes, DVM). • Ability to read schematics, blueprints PCB layouts, interconnects, system level and mechanical prints to be used in repair and troubleshooting. • Must be able to stay up-to-date with current technology. This will be accomplished by the study of product literature, chronicles, magazines and college courses (if required). MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: A 2 year degree in engineering, technology or physics OR equivalent related experience is required. Must also demonstrate: • Good leadership skills through lead-by-example techniques. • Good analytical skills for identifying problem areas and the implementation of creative ways to resolve these problems. • Build teams and eliminate obstacles. • Communicate effectively and in a positive manor... • PC experience working with Microsoft products. • Competency and interest in advancing ISO 9001:2008 documents. • Systems engineering, trouble shooting and repair recommendations. • Ability to drive a car and travel via air domestic or internationally to service product, support sales/trade shows and deliver training • Ability to lift 50lbs and to work under and around machines in a machine shop environment • Willingness to travel both national and International • Flexibility of schedule • Ability to own a credit card QVI Career Opportunities QVI is an exciting place to work. If you have what it takes to join the leader in optical inspection and measurement, we would like to hear from you. QVI offers competitive salary, medical and dental insurance, profit sharing, 401-K plan, tuition reimbursement, Short-term& Long Term Disability, vacation, holidays, direct deposit, an EAP program and life insurance. Quality Vision International, Inc. and its affiliated companies are equal opportunity employers. Applicants are considered for positions without regard to race, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, vet or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. About QVI Quality Vision International is a global company based in Rochester, New York, USA. QVI maintains manufacturing facilities and sales offices around the world. Its global engineering staff stays attuned to its customers' requirements and the latest technologies. Quality Vision International has expertise in numerous technologies that are important for accurate optical inspection and dimensional measurement. These "Technologies by QVI" are applied in the range of products offered by the QVI member companies. The technological expertise of QVI distinguishes our companies from the rest The headquarters of Quality Vision International is in Rochester, NY. Rochester is home to world-renowned universities including the University of Rochester and Rochester Institute of Technology, as well as major global companies including Kodak, Xerox, and Bausch & Lomb. 
company_name : Quality Vision International Inc Unisys - SF Collabera Sutherland Global Services
city : Rochester, NY Rochester, NY Rochester, NY Rochester, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      