job_id : 0fbd408923925f96         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator II
start_date : 
description: The positions in this job family are responsible for the on-going monitoring, maintenance, and administration of free-standing or networked systems. Systems range from stand-alone PC applications, to minicomputers, to Local Area Networks (LANs) with 100 or more users. Incumbents serve as the focal point or immediate help desk for clients in the area or facility supported. Incumbents also provide assistance ranging from installing new equipment, solving complex operating problems, and providing project coordination for implementation of new network and/or PC-based systems. Systems Administrator II is the career level where incumbents provide support to Agency end-users by answering questions regarding hardware and software problems and identifying and resolving problems of a basic procedural nature. Incumbents at this level are also developing an understanding of local area networks and other environments (e.g., Unisys, WAN, NOVELL) through on-going maintenance and monitoring of the network environment and maintaining user accounts, security, and electronic mail. The majority of their time is spent working on usual or re-occurring requests for service and problem resolution. Incumbents at this level are typically proficient in a variety of standard software applications, computer hardware trouble-shooting, and basic communication software. Incumbents at this level may also be responsible for administering PC-based database systems, complex application systems such as billing systems, network management systems, and others. Persons in this classification may function as the webmaster or LAN and/or host System Security Administrator. Examples of Work: Examples of work performed in this classification include, but are not limited to, the following: Installs new or enhanced applications and/or hardware and assists in the installation of LANs. Orders, installs, and upgrades hardware and software. Follows established procedures for backup and recovery and establishes file structures. Troubleshoots routine user operating problems and coordinates the resolution of more complex issues with senior technical staff. Maintains user accounts and electronic mail. Functions as System Security Administrator. Administers complex applications systems and PC-based database systems. Functions as webmaster for the enterprise. Performs related or similar duties as required or assigned. Minimum Qualifications: These minimum qualifications have been agreed upon by Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in this job class and are based upon a job analysis and the essential functions. However, if a candidate believes he/she is qualified for the job although he/she does not have the minimum qualifications set forth below, he/she may request special consideration through substitution of related education and experience, demonstrating the ability to perform the essential functions of the position. Any request to substitute related education or experience for minimum qualifications must be addressed to the State Personnel Board in writing, identifying the related education and experience which demonstrates the candidate's ability to perform all essential functions of the position. EXPERIENCE/EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Education: A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited four-year college or university in computer science, data processing, business information systems, or a related field; OR Education: An Associate's Degree in Applied Science in a Technical Program in an area of Information Technology approved by the IT Professional Development Committee. OR Education: An Associate's Degree from an accredited two-year college in computer science, data processing, business information systems, or a related field; AND Experience: Two (2) years of directly related experience. OR Education: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or equivalent (GED); AND Experience: Four (4) years of directly related experience. Substitution Statement: Related education and directly related experience may be substituted on an equal basis. Possession of an Institute for Certification of Computer Professionals (ICCP) Certificate based on successful completion may be substituted for one (1) year of the required experience (certificate must be attached). Essential Functions: Additional essential functions may be identified and included by the hiring agency. The essential functions include, but are not limited to, the following: 1. Supports end users by identifying and resolving technical problems. 2. Installs and maintains hardware and software in a Local Area Network environment. 3. Handles routine and re-occurring requests for LAN services and problem resolution. 4. Handles agency security administration or website administration. 
company_name : State of Mississippi Ellucian. Covenant Dove Covenant Dove
city : Sunflower County, MS Cleveland, MS Cleveland, MS Greenwood, MS
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      