job_id : 098a4443694ddecf         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Support Engineer
start_date : 
description: Blue Coat empowers enterprises to safely and securely choose the best applications, services, devices, data sources, and content the world has to offer, so they can create, communicate, collaborate, innovate, execute, compete and win in their markets. We have a long history of protecting organizations, their data and their employees and are the trusted brand to 15,000 customers worldwide—including 86 percent of the FORTUNE Global 500. With a robust portfolio of intellectual property anchored by more than 200 patents and patents pending, Blue Coat continues to drive innovations that assure business continuity, agility and governance. This is an individual contributor position that will work as a member of the Americas Support team, providing technical support to customers and partners, and ultimately drive complete resolution to each service request. All customer interaction is done via phone, email, and web and warranted by customer response time commitments established by Bluecoat Support. Responsibilities include: Diagnose and solve complex software, hardware and networking issues Create technical action plans for analyzing and resolving customer issues. Assigned projects including; documentation review, Beta product participation, product demos, and presenting technical forums. Create clear and concise documentation in the form of case management notes, technical tips, knowledge base articles and white papers. Provide technical assistance to internal and external customers and partners Utilize case management tools and provide case monitoring, status updates, documentation and notifications to customers Works with cross-functional organizations to solve complex technical problems and follow reported problems through to resolution. Participate and provide feedback to product design and technical reviews relating to new features and enhancements Document all customer interactions and resolutions in the existing case management and knowledge based systems Use available support tools to diagnose and resolve product and technical issues Work with Systems Engineers and Engineering groups to resolve customer issues. Required Skills: Layer 2-4 focus on Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, IP Protocols, and applications Experience using telecomm and networking tools such as Ethereal or SnifferPro Application and routing protocol knowledge; advanced TCPIP, routing, NAT, DNS, DHCP, HTTP, MMS, RTSP, FTP, IM, Firewalls, QoS Working knowledge of the inter-operation of remote access technologies: RADIUS, LDAP, NTLM, firewalls, etc. Working knowledge of Internet Services: Web Services, Media Servers, Proxy services, browser and media player operations. Ability to conduct analysis of facts, info gathering, and create effective test plans Demonstrate strong technical troubleshooting methodologies Must be a complete team player and work well in a team environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability and willingness to learn technologies quickly and proficiently Good analytical problem solving skills Motivated to learn new products and technologies quickly Strong organizational and customer service skills Flexible with the aptitude to manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced, dynamic environment while meeting critical SLAs and deadlines 5+ years’ experience working with customers in a fast-paced, hi tech, support related position or similar engineering role. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in a related field CCNA and/or CCNP and/or CCIE preferred 
company_name : Blue Coat Systems Corbis Corporation CenturyLink Technology Solutions MCKEAN DEFENSE GROUP, LLC/CABRILLO TECHNOLOGIES
city : United States Los Angeles, CA Town and Country, MO Bethesda, MD
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      