job_id : 0fdf10a357526b05         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC/Network Technician
start_date : 
description: SUMMARY Responsible for providing PC, network and telecommunications support in LAN and standalone environments. Assists in the fulfillment of the agency’s vision, “For Those We Serve,” by empowering individuals to thrive as healthy, self-sufficient and contributing members of our communities. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Answers staff inquiries regarding network, computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems by telephone, remotely, or in person. Creates and completes work orders using appropriate software application. Maintains records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities. Performs hardware and software installation and configuration, including but not limited to PC’s, notebooks, printers, network equipment, telecommunications equipment, scanners and peripherals. Conducts telecommunications support, including phone systems and voicemail. Constructs and installs network and phone patch cables. Designs, maintains and updates agency websites and Web 2.0 applications. Develops and provides user training on basic computer operations, agency office productivity software, and Internet/E-mail basics. Travels for business using personal vehicle. Performs other duties as assigned. To execute this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Associate’s degree in information systems or related field. Work experience may substitute required education on a year-by-year basis. Working knowledge of computer hardware, software and network fundamentals, and telecommunications. A+ Certification required. Network + Certification desired but not required. MCSE Certification desired but not required. Minimum of one year related work experience in an IT-supported environment, demonstrating the ability to perform the essential functions of this job. Effective written, verbal and customer service skills. Maintain a valid California driver’s license, reliable transportation, and adequate auto insurance as required by State law. 
company_name : Fresno Economic Opportunities Commission ORO AGRI Benco Dental
city : Fresno, CA Fresno, CA Fresno, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      