job_id : 0c9856c63e9e7301         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Network Operations Technician (Tier I)
start_date : 
description: Keynote , the global SaaS leader in cloud-based testing, monitoring, and analytics for mobile & web, is on a mission to help our customers deliver the best possible digital experience. Backed by leading private equity firm Thoma Bravo, Keynote is optimizing the value of every digital interaction, enhancing user experience and driving business value for our customers’ online performance. With a performance-oriented, fast paced, and collaborative team, the company runs the world’s largest cloud testing, monitoring, and analytics network – collecting more than 700 million mobile & web measurements daily. Driven by a customer-focused culture of innovation, Keynote’s customers represent top mobile & web companies including LinkedIn, Ancestry.com, Sephora, Williams-Sonoma, American Express, AT&T, Disney, eBay, E*TRADE, Expedia, Google, Microsoft, T-Mobile and Vodafone. In 2012 Keynote was recognized by Forbes as "One of the Best 100 Companies in America". Happy customers, happy employees – and happy to have you join the team! At Keynote we thrive in changing things up for the better, leveraging our big data infrastructure and cutting-edge analytics to Make Every Digital Experience Count. Responsibilities Description: We have an immediate opening for a Network Operations Technician (Tier 1) for the San Mateo, CA headquarters. To maintain Keynote’s global network and server infrastructure, we maintain a 24/7, staffed Network Operations Center (NOC). As a Network Operations Technician, you will be part of an nine-member NOC team that monitors, maintains and troubleshoots more than 2000 servers, 500+ network devices, 100+ mobile devices located at more than 120 locations worldwide. Our goal is to employ investigative and troubleshooting skills to resolve both routine and complex network, computer hardware, and OS issues in a timely and efficient manner while maintaining a 99.99% uptime rate for all systems. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Monitoring and troubleshooting server, network, operating system and proprietary software issues. Monitoring and troubleshooting a network environment consisting of Cisco router and switches. Monitoring internal production systems in a data center environment and paging on-call personnel during the night. Working with the HP OpenView management console and other NOC related tools and monitoring applications. Communication with customers and/or internal groups to report or resolve system related or network issues. Work with third-party maintenance, co-location facility staff and major internet backbone providers to identify and resolve customer affecting network, hardware and software issues in a timely manner. Tracking and documenting daily work tasks and issues and communicating them with the rest of the team. Requirements 2-3 years’ experience with PC hardware and the ability to diagnose and troubleshoot basic hard drive, BIOS, network interface card and DSL/Cable problems Must be able to work in a 24x7 shift environment on either the Swing or Graveyard shift. Knowledge of TCP/IP and other Internet protocols as well as experience with tools such as Ping, Traceroute, NS Lookup, DIG, MTR, LFT, TCP Traceroute, Netstat, Netsh, etc. Knowledge of PC hardware and the ability to diagnose and troubleshoot basic hard drive, BIOS, network interface card and DSL/Cable problems. Ability to troubleshoot mobile device and cell phone hardware and software issues. Ability to troubleshoot mobile or wireless related network issues. Working knowledge of Windows XP Pro, Windows 2008 and Win7 Pro. Ability to configure and troubleshoot Cisco network devices, routers and switches and other network related hardware. Knowledge of LINUX, especially Redhat or CentOS is a plus. Knowledge and experience with the HP Openview management system is a plus. CCNA, MCSE, Network + or Linux + certification is a plus. Exceptional interpersonal, communication, initiative and leadership abilities. Effective analytical, planning, organizational, and documentation skills. Ability to lift 50 pounds. 
company_name : Keynote Systems, Inc. USmax Corporation CGI DreamWorks Animation
city : San Mateo, CA San Francisco, CA San Francisco, CA Redwood City, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      