job_id : 0a4a2f9baf547452         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT USER SUPPORT TECHNICIAN II - C
start_date : 
description: The County of Riverside Information Technology (RCIT) Department is seeking a IT User Support Technician II-C for the Customer Solutions Division. The Customer Solutions Division (CSD) provides ongoing support for County departments. This IT User Support Technician II-C will be supporting the Human Resources Department, Clerk of the Board, and Board of Supervisors for the County of Riverside. This team will provide application support for new and legacy applications utilized by one or a small group of departments. Infrastructure, desktop, database, and enterprise application support will be provided by the Infrastructure Communication Bureau and Business System Bureau. ALL APPLICANTS MUST APPLY FOR THIS POSITION USING JOB GATEWAY CLICK HERE TO ACCESS JOB GATEWAY If you are unable to access the link above, type this address into your browser: http://rc-hr.com/Careers/JobGateway.aspx EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Receive/log/route user calls for assistance or repair; monitor trouble call/resolution information; follow-up on and/or report aged calls to ensure timely response. Troubleshoot and coordinate resolution to desktop communication problems and remote system connections; troubleshoot software and/or equipment errors and coach users in correcting reported problems. Inform and train users in equipment/software operation; analyze and make recommendations on response time, training design, user support needs or customer satisfaction. Prepare and maintain technical documentation and procedures; perform preventative maintenance and repair hardware. Research, evaluate and test hardware and software products and systems solutions; install, configure and test hardware and/or software, prepare reports or proposals for service. Carry out security administration by maintaining tables and adding/purging/migrating users. Coordinate equipment deliveries, software licensing compliance and inventory/asset control. Consult with users on re-engineering business processes and the use of technology, products and services; develop and conduct training in operation and use of hardware and software. RECRUITING GUIDELINES: Education: High school diploma or General Educational Development (GED) certificate. IT job-related course work from an accredited college or trade school in computer science, computer information systems, data processing, information management or a closely related field is preferred. Experience: Minimum of two years of experience providing customer support for PC hardware and software, preferably with Riverside County, or successful completion of the probationary period as an IT User Support Technician I. Knowledge of: The principals, methods and techniques used in the course of work for this IT classification series and the principals and techniques applied to IT devices, applications and systems. Knowledge of the principals of organization and administration and the principals of documentation and recordkeeping, storage and retrieval. Ability to: Gather and analyze data, reason logically, draw valid conclusions and make appropriate recommendations; resolve technical problems and innovate more efficient use of IT resources; perform systems analysis work and problem solving; interpret and follow written and oral instructions; prepare concise reports and documents; establish and maintain effective working relationships with staff, customers, other employees and the public; communicate effectively with people at all organizational levels. IT-Related Skills: Required: Determining user information needs; installing hardware and swapping out unit/components to meet repair needs; installing software and configuring workstations to established standards; use of Microsoft Word and Excel, Windows, and Outlook. Preferred: Installing, maintaining and repairing hardware through board level swap-out; installing software and tuning workstations for optimal performance; managing projects involving responsibility for establishing objectives, activities and timelines and completing the work in accordance with established guidelines; training or coaching others in the use of Windows, GroupWise, Outlook, voicemail and standard office automation products; use of office automation tools including database query and reporting tools; use of help desk tools; use of PC/Network performance diagnostic and tuning tools. License/Certificate: Possession of a valid California Driver's License may be required. ***A successful Security Clearance conducted by the Sheriffs' Department is required for positions within the Riverside County Information Technology Department.*** 
company_name : County of Riverside AppLabs
city : Riverside, CA Norco, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      