job_id : 05578aac1bc4876d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Secure Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet) Administrator
start_date : 
description: Technology and Management Solutions Secure Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet) Administrator Ft. Lee, VA Job Description: The secure internet protocol router network (SIPRNet) administrator is responsible for supporting the client’s SIPRNet architecture and endpoint devices by acting as the enterprise SIPRNet service center. Additionally, the SIPRNet administrator acts as the communications responsible officer (CRO) for all classified communications assets in support of the client’s enterprise. Key Responsibilities: Provide the infrastructure planning, design, implementation, operation, maintenance, and support of all SIPRNet systems, appliances, software/applications, and customers in support of the client’s enterprise. Operate the SIPRNet service center which responsible for acting on all SIPRNet service requests. Support the SIPRNet architecture to include all servers, end-points, and cryptographic devices. Serve as the communications responsible officer (CRO) for the enterprise. Perform site assessment visits (SAV) to inspect all communications security (COMSEC) items. Basic : Ability to maintain an active clearance. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work experience. DOD 8570 Compliance, or the ability to quickly obtain the security certifications: Security+, and CEH. Minimum of three (3) years administering a classified network. Experience with the proper handling, distribution, and destruction of COMSEC material. Ability to demonstrate strong knowledge of computer security concepts. Demonstrated ability to document processes and procedures. Preferred Experience: Initiative and a personal interest in Information Technology Security. People skills and the ability to communicate effectively with various clients with the ability to explain and elaborate on technical details. Experience serving as a CRO or COMSEC custodian. Relevant technical certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), and GIAC Certified Network Auditor (GSNA). Prior experience with IT security devices such as Check Point Firewalls, Blue Coat Secure Web Gateway, Source Fire IDS/IPS, Symantec DLP, Nessus, Juniper SSL-VPN, and Fore Scout (NAC). Experience with change control policy and procedures. An understanding of DOD information assurance policy and regulations. Professional Experience: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent problem solving skills. About ICF International: ICF International (NASDAQ: ICFI) provides professional services and technology solutions that deliver beneficial impact in areas critical to the world's future. ICF is fluent in the language of change, whether driven by markets, technology, or policy. Since 1969, we have combined a passion for our work with deep industry expertise to tackle our clients' most important challenges. We partner with clients around the globe—advising, executing, innovating—to help them define and achieve success. Our more than 4,500 employees serve government and commercial clients from more than 70 offices worldwide. ICF's website is www.icfi.com . ICF offers an excellent benefits package, an award winning talent development program, and fosters a highly skilled, energized and empowered workforce. ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EEO/AA – Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities) For a listing of other career opportunities at ICF, please visit our Career Center at www.icfi.com/careers/. 
company_name : ICF International
city : Virginia
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      