job_id : 0209ac97a5c59704         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Solutions Representative
start_date : 
description: - 1304024 Description Service Provider technical support agents respond to and diagnose software, hardware, and network problems for end-users by telephone, email, or chat. Agents manage problem recognition through targeted questioning, research, isolation, and use of specifically developed troubleshooting processes or flow diagrams. Agents are trained in Nissan applications, products, or services that they will support, as well as troubleshooting techniques best designed for each call type to facilitate first-call resolution. Working from a standard protocol, utilizing a documented process to respond to customer issues. Successfully resolve simple technical issues (related to hardware and software) from incoming customer contacts and proactive notification systems. Working remotely via telephone, email, e-chat, etc. to respond to first level technical issues. Respond to service, product, technical, and customerrelations questions on subjects such as features, specifications, and repairs on current and iscontinued products, parts, and options, based on customer entitlement (for example warranty) Work is regularly reviewed by Supervisor or Team Lead. Qualifications Education and Experience Required: High school education or equivalent. Up to 6 months of prior general experience, or equivalent college level Education, required. Knowledge and Skills: Articulate in standard written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated basic experience in customer facing role either remote or face to face. Computer proficiency with applicable software applications (for example Microsoft Office, CAD, Adobe Suite, programming). Demonstrated knowledge of problem solving skills. Accuracy in data entry. Excellent fluency in language to be supported. (English, Spanish, French). Demonstrated basic experience in a phone based remote role. Familiarity with computer technology. Effective listening skills. Passion for customer service. Experience in the IT industry is preferred. Ability to troubleshoot, analyze, and resolve customer issues using available tools and resources. • Professional verbal and written communications. • Decision-making and problem-solving skills. • Ability to multitask and demonstrate time management skills. • Ability to function as part of a team working toward common goals. • Flexibility to learn and adapt to process and procedure changes. • High levels of accuracy and reliability. • Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment. • Self-motivation and organization. • Ability to handle difficult situations and overcome objections. Job - Services Primary Location - United States-Michigan-Pontiac Schedule - Full-time Job Type - Experienced Shift - Variable Travel - No Job Posting - Aug 7, 2014 
company_name : HP ecolab HP Michigan First Credit Union
city : Pontiac, MI Detroit, MI Pontiac, MI Lathrup Village, MI
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      