job_id : 0e0a7b966944713e         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Technical Support Specialist- 1st Shift
start_date : 
description: IT Technical Support Specialist Dedicated Logistics, Inc. is an innovative technology driven Transportation Company located in Oakdale, MN. Our Oakdale facility offers a variety of amenities, such as an onsite sports court and fitness center, among other creative spaces. At Dedicated Logistics, Inc. (DLI), we pride ourselves on being leaders in providing tailored, technology-driven freight transportation solutions that help our customers achieve a competitive advantage, both locally and nationally. To be successful in this position qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal and customer service skills, think outside the box and bring your own solutions or suggestions to the table, and have the ability to deal with ambiguity. If you thrive on a fast paced environment and getting things done right, apply your talents to a great opportunity. The primary duties of this position include: Troubleshooting and analyzing computer issues of moderate to difficult scope. Providing technical support for hardware, software, and connectivity (i.e. printers, desktops, laptops, monitors, internal and internet applications, computer operating systems, and network connections). Configuring computers (operating system and software). Windows Mobile device configurations. Assisting with daily routine's such as backup tapes and monitoring error logs. Troubleshooting with users over the phone and in person Providing Basic Network support (DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP) Revising and updating procedures Maintain an up to date inventory list Special project help as needed Education, Skills, and Experience Requirements: BS/BA in computer science or equivalent 1-2 years of experience with Windows XP/7, Outlook, Microsoft Office applications, and Internet Explorer Effective listening skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Innovative problem-solving ability. Persistence with problems even when experiencing setbacks Effective time management and priority-setting skills Ability to shift gears and learn new technology or information quickly in a fast paced environment Detail-orientated including precision and follow-up skills Available to work Monday through Friday from 8:00 am – 5:00 pm in the Oakdale, MN facility At DLI you will enjoy a competitive compensation and benefits package including: Immediate eligibility for 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with fully-vested company match Medical, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance plans for employee & family Flexible Spending Account for health and dependent care expenses 
company_name : DLI 3M Thomson Reuters University of Saint Thomas
city : Oakdale, MN Maplewood, MN Eagan, MN Saint Paul, MN
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      