job_id : 04192fe34937fd95         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Support Analyst
start_date : 
description: Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description Workday (www.workday.com) is seeking an experienced product support analyst who has solid knowledge of US Payroll Processing to provide support to our customers in their production systems. This position requires a self-motivated, customer-focused professional with strong follow-through who consistently keeps commitments to customers and fellow employees. You will be the primary customer point of contact and must ensure that each interaction is handled with a professional attitude and a superior level of service. Workday employees expect that you model Workday's dedication to our customers. Workday customers expect that you exemplify the passionate Workday employee, who knows the right answer to their problems. Responsibilities: Develop expertise to become the primary Support expert for Workday’s Payroll software. Liaison with Professional Services, Quality Assurance, Product Management, and Development to highlight customer payroll processing trends and identify areas for enhanced functionality and tools. Work directly with customers to research, troubleshoot, and resolve payroll processing and configuration issues in a timely manner. Manage incoming case queue and maintain focus on resolving customer cases quickly and effectively in line with our service level agreements. Document your customer communications effectively in the issue management system. Test customer problems and log issues to development, working with developers to figure out a solution. Effectively prioritize and escalate customer issues as required. Participate in our 24X7 global coverage plan. Required Skills / Experience: Four or more years supporting or implementing Payroll solutions. Additional experience in one or more of the following functional areas preferred: Human Capital Management, Absence Management, Compensation, Benefits, Time and Labor Four or more years of experience supporting customers using enterprise software applications Software as a Service companies a plus. College degree in Human Capital Management, Accounting, Computer Science or Business Administration, or equivalent experience Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to absorb new technologies and features quickly. Excellent analytical, problem solving, and multi-tasking skills. About Workday Workday delivers Human Capital Management, Financial Management, Payroll, Time Tracking, Procurement, and Employee Expense Management applications to the world's largest organizations. Hundreds of companies, ranging from medium-sized to the Fortune 50, are gaining business value from Workday. Workday is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. Individuals seeking employment at Workday are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us. 
company_name : Workday 24 Hour Fitness Patelco Credit Union Bank of the West
city : Pleasanton, CA San Ramon, CA Pleasanton, CA San Ramon, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      