job_id : 0dae2e1cd2d87206         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Support Tech II
start_date : 
description: About Aon Aon plc (NYSE: AON) is the leading global provider of risk management, insurance and reinsurance brokerage, and human resources solutions and outsourcing services. Through its more than 61,000 colleagues worldwide, Aon unites to empower results for clients in over 120 countries via innovative and effective risk and people solutions and through industry-leading global resources and technical expertise. Aon has been named repeatedly as the world's best broker, best insurance intermediary, reinsurance intermediary, captives manager and best employee benefits consulting firm by multiple industry sources. Visit www.aon.com for more information on Aon and www.aon.com/manchesterunited to learn about Aon's global partnership and shirt sponsorship with Manchester United. We currently have an exciting career opportunity within Aon Affinity Insurance Services for a Systems Support Tech II in our Kalispell, MT office. This position will support Aon’s National Flood Services Group. JOB OVERVIEW This position is responsible for providing desktop set-ups and support for physical and virtual workstations for NFS end users. Responsibilities include but are not limited to documentation, analysis, testing, troubleshooting, training and overseeing modifications to the products used by our customer. Quality, promptness, customer satisfaction and usability are the primary results desired. Position reports to the Manager of IT Technical Services. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provide Desktop support by working closely with Systems Engineering to deliver and manage sound desktop solutions to NFS end-users Proved Level II support to the Technical Help Desk team Perform analytical and technical expertise in planning, design and installation of new and existing, physical and virtual personal computer terminals Working within defined parameters and controls to configure and build , test and roll-out virtual multi-user desktop pools and single user desktop environments under supervision of Virtual platforms Engineering Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure end-user terminals meet other business required standards, i.e. security, network, software compliance and browser version, to name a few Perform complex installation, configuration and upgrade tasks that may require some research and analysis Evaluate and recommend new hardware and software applications per business need Provide virtual or physical hardware setup/configuration as required Occasionally assist in covering other IT operations areas as needed Effectively interacting with end users to acquire user acceptance testers, end user training and issue analysis and status Effective collaboration with cross functional teams in performing effective, complete and prompt issue management Support engineering team with support and maintenance activities as assigned Assist team in application support, OS questions, system design and problem resolution Effectively written and verbal communication skills to create and maintain departmental process documentation and companywide issue management communications Monitor, maintain and escalate to ensuring compliance in vulnerability areas such as, policies and procedures, security and confidentiality Comfortable with patch management and systems upgrades, WSUS etc… Ability to effectively manage various project initiatives, upgrades and maintenance activities Work to meet established/published SLAs Maintain high professional standards of business ethics and respect the confidentiality of all NFS activities MINIMUM EDUCATION Combination of post-secondary and/or related job experience with computer science emphasis or equivalent SPECIAL SKILLS/REQUIREMENTS 3+ years of IT experience in multi-platform environments 2+ years customer support experience essential Experience developing and maintaining desktop configurations for physical and virtual desktops Experience with VDI, VMWare Vsphere or other virtual technologies Exposure to networking tools and monitoring software Experience with Microsoft Active Directory Proficient in trouble ticketing software and process Experience with Windows 7, and Windows 8 and/or Server 2008 a plus Working knowledge of VOIP systems Working knowledge of various technologies, methods, configurations and implementation strategies for desktop PCs, printers, network and servers Professional level communication and client service oriented skills required Interpersonal, writing, decision making experience Advanced skills with Microsoft Windows XP and Windows 7 implementation and administration Ability to effectively negotiate, building internal and external customer relationships Respond positively to changes in direction, priorities and assignments Analytical ability Ability to work independently with limited supervision Ability to multi task and quickly adapt to multiple policy, process, and/or procedural changes Position requires the ability to hear and communicate clearly, both orally and written Uses vision to view screens, create and review documents; requires close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus Capable of using a keyboard effectively Frequently required to sit for long periods of time, stand, walk and may occasionally lift and move 25 pounds Availability and flexibility to support business during hours which are least impacting to the business and support after business on-call as required Occasional travel to meetings or outside training may be required About Affinity Insurance Services : Affinity Insurance Services, a division of Aon, is a full-service insurance broker/administrator specializing in the marketing and administration of insurance programs for Aon’s Affinity customer groups. We are the vital link bringing together these groups with underwriting companies. For our customers, we are an advocate, providing competitive products and easily accessible, world-class customer service. For the underwriting company, we provide the marketing and administrative expertise necessary to maximize their policy sales. About Aon National Flood Services: Aon National Flood Services serves insurance companies as a third party administrator interacting on their behalf with their agents and business partners. Our company is staffed by insurance professionals who specialize in flood insurance administrative and technology based solutions. Our wide range of technically advanced products and services include policy administration, claims administration, customer service support, accounting and reporting management, flood zone determinations, policy database management, web-based agency solutions, electronic movement of premium and commission funds, web-based rating software, production reports, elevation certificate assistance repetitive loss review. Aon offers competitive compensation, exceptional benefits, continuing education & training, a unique internal advancement program, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization. All positions at Aon require an applicant who has accepted an offer to undergo a background check. The checks run are based on the nature of the position. Background checks may include some or all of the following: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. By applying for a position with Aon, you understand that you will be required to undergo a background check should you be made an offer. You also understand that the offer is contingent upon successful completion of the background check and results consistent with Aon's employment policies. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required by the position. Aon's professionals are unwavering in their client focus and integrity. We promote diversity, professional development, frugality and stewardship, applying a disciplined non-bureaucratic approach to help our clients realize their business potential. Drawing on our experienced team as a competitive advantage, Aon employees have the freedom to take risks, foster innovation, champion for change and replicate best practices. For more information about Aon Corporation, visit our website at http://www.aon.com . Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer (Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled). DISCLAIMER: Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Job number: 48692 Category: Account Management / Brokerage / Insurance Location: United States, US, Montana (MT) 
company_name : Aon Applied Industrial Technologies Pharmacists Association StoneRiver National Flood Services, Inc.
city : Montana Missoula, MT Butte, MT Kalispell, MT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      