job_id : 1dc1a8b0693437c1         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Computer Systems Analyst
start_date : 
description: Sterling Computers is an IT integrator that provides information technology, systems engineering and professional services to customers in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, federal civil and commercial sectors. As one of the nation's leading Value Added Resellers (VAR) and fastest growing Systems Integrators, we have the partnerships, access to technology, training and certifications to plan, integrate and manage large-scale, mission-critical IT programs. Computer Systems Analyst – Analyzes and develops computer software possessing a wide range of capabilities, including numerous engineering, business, and records management functions. Develops plans for automated information systems from project inception to conclusion. Analyzes user interfaces, maintain hardware and software performance tuning, analyze workload and computer usage, maintain interfaces with outside systems, analyze downtimes, analyze proposed system modifications, upgrades and new COTS. Analyzes the problem and the information to be processed. Defines the problem, and develops system requirements and program specifications, from which programmers prepare detailed flow charts, programs, and tests. Coordinates closely with programmers to ensure proper implementation of program and system specifications. Develops, in conjunction with functional users, system alternative solutions. Experience - An undergraduate degree (BA/BS) from an accredited university in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field, or equivalent work experience. Technical certifications and/or completion of technical courses a plus. Cisco Certification preferred. 2-4 years of professional experience. Provide 24 x 7 daily operations, analysis, support, troubleshooting and maintenance of network systems Proactively monitor networks to provide stable, dependable network services Deliver high quality work products on or ahead of schedule Own and manage incidents from inception through resolution Write clear and user-friendly process documents and checklists to accurately describe operational procedures Period of Performance The Subcontract Period of Performance shall be as follows: Base Period: 7/25/14-9/30/2014 Option Period II: 10/1/2014-9/30/2015 Option Period III: 10/1/2015-9/30/2016 All option periods will be exercised at the discretion of Prime based on Seller’s satisfactory performance of the services and exercise of each option period by Prime’s Government Customer. Sterling Computers is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or applicable local law. 
company_name : Sterling Computers GEICO Computer Aid Office of Justice Programs
city : Rockville, MD Chevy Chase, MD Bethesda, MD Washington, DC
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      