job_id : 1df4e070341bc708         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Operations Training Supv
start_date : 
description: Marketing Statement A job at BART offers the satisfaction of providing an invaluable public service, while accomplishing your own career goals, earning highly competitive pay, and enjoying an unparalleled benefits program. BART, a wonderful career opportunity. Pay and Benefits BART offers one of the most comprehensive compensation and benefits programs you will find anywhere. We pay at rates that are strongly competitive in the labor market, and complement our pay program with an outstanding benefits package. Benefits include the renowned CalPERS pension, excellent medical, vision, and dental coverage, supplemental insurances, excellent paid holidays and vacation, as well as two investment programs, one of which is entirely funded by BART on your behalf. BART also saves you money in your paycheck because no deductions are made for Social Security. Pay Rate $83,769.26 - $129,843.83 / annual salary (Non-Represented Pay Band 06) Posted Date August 11, 2014 Closing Date August 22, 2014 Reports To T. Hankins Days Off Saturday and Sunday Who May Apply All current BART employees and qualified individuals who are not yet BART employees. Current Assignment This position is responsible for coordinating and supervising the organization and staffing activities for Transportation Training Personnel in the Operations Training and Support Department. Responsibilities also include the assessment of training needs, identifying and resolving training issues; reviewing and evaluating training products, methods and procedures to ensure timely delivery of quality training programs. In addition, this position provides highly responsible and complex staff assistance to the Department Manager, Operations Training and Support and performing related duties as assigned. The successful candidate will have demonstrated a history of the following beyond the minimum qualifications: * Building partnerships * Organization and Planning * Communicating effectively, clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. * Building and maintaining a successful team * Analyzing and problem solving * Familiarity with Instructional Design systems Essential Job Functions 1)Participates in the development and implementation of goals, objectives, policies and priorities; recommends and implements resulting policies and procedures in support of District compliance in meeting Certification and Re-certification standards and goals. 2) Identifies opportunities for improving service delivery methods and procedures; identifies resource needs; reviews with appropriate management staff; implements improvements. 3) Directs, coordinates and reviews the work plan for assigned functional area; assigns work activities and projects. 4) Monitors work flow; reviews and evaluates work products, methods and procedures; meets with staff to identify and resolve problems, creates reports, timesheets, approves time for staff and meets with staff to resolve issues. 5) Develops and directs a variety of technical, transportation and leadership training programs for managerial, supervisory, safety, operations and contract personnel in support of District goals; develops and implements goals, strategies, policies and procedures to ensure a competent work force. 6) Develops, designs and incorporates new training technology into new and existing training programs to increase program effectiveness. Minimum Qualifications Education: A Bachelor’s degree in education, counseling, human resources or a related field from an accredited college or university. Experience: Four (4) years of (full-time equivalent) verifiable professional experience in developing and administering training programs in an industrial setting which must have included at least one (1) year of administrative and/or supervisory experience or verification of completion of an administration or supervision program. Substitution: Additional professional experience as outlined above may be substituted for the education on a year-for-year basis. A college degree is preferred. Knowledge of: Operational characteristics, services and activities of an operations training program. Principles and practices of employee development and training activities in an industrial setting. Skill in: Assessing training needs and developing programs to meet those needs. Interpreting and explaining District's training policies and procedures. Analyzing problems, identifying alternative solutions, projecting consequences of proposed actions and implementing recommendations in support of goals. Interpreting and applying Federal, State and local policies, laws and regulations. Establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of the work. Other Requirements: Must possess a valid California driver’s license and have a satisfactory driving record. Must possess the physical mobility to walk, climb, stoop, bend, crawl and twist. WORKING CONDITIONS Environmental Conditions: Office environment; exposure to computer screens; field environment; exposure to heat, cold, moving vehicles, and inclement weather. Physical Conditions: Requires maintaining physical condition necessary for walking, standing or sitting for prolonged periods of time. Selection Process Applications will be screened to assure that minimum qualifications are met. Those applicants who meet minimum qualifications will then be referred to the hiring department for the completion of further selection processes. The selection process for this position may include a skills/performance demonstration, a written examination, and/or an individual or panel interview. The successful candidate must have an employment history demonstrating reliability and dependability; provide copies of certificates, diplomas or other documents as required by law, including those establishing his/her right to work in the U. S.; pass a pre-employment medical examination which includes a drug and alcohol screen, and which is specific to the essential job functions and requirements. Pre-employment processing will also include a background check. (Does not apply to current full-time District employees unless specific job requires additional evaluations) Application Process External applicants may only apply online, at www.bart.gov/jobs. Applicants needing assistance with the online application process may receive additional information by calling (510) 464-6112. Current employees are strongly encouraged to apply online, either at www.bart.gov/jobs, or on WebBART. Current employees may also apply using a BART paper application by delivering the completed form to the Human Resources Department, or by mailing it to P. O. Box 12688, Oakland, CA 94604-2688. All applicants are asked to complete the application in full, indicating dates of employment, all positions held, hours worked, and a full description of duties. On line applicants are invited to electronically attach a resume to the application form to provide supplemental information, but should not consider the resume a substitute for the application form itself. Applications must be complete by the closing date and time listed on the job announcement. Equal Employment Opportunity The San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants shall not be discriminated against because of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, national origin, disability, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, medical condition (cancer-related), genetic information or any protected category prohibited by local, state or federal laws. The BART Human Resources Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination process to accommodate persons with disabilities or for religious reasons. Please advise the Human Resources Department of any special needs in advance of the examination by calling (510) 464-6112. Qualified veterans may be eligible to obtain additional veteran's credit in the selection process for this recruitment (effective Jan. 1, 2013). To obtain the credit, veteran's must attach to the application a DD214 discharge document or proof of disability and complete/submit the Veteran's Preference Application no later than the closing date of the posting. For more information about this credit please go to the Veteran's Preference Policy and Application link at www.bart.gov/jobs. Other Information Please be prepared to present documentation in support of any required licenses, degrees, or certifications upon request. Note When you have successfully applied for this position you will receive an auto reply e-mail acknowledging that your application was received for this position. Please retain a copy of the e-mail for your records. If you receive an auto reply that does not specifically reference this position, please call the Employment Help Line at (510) 464-6112 for assistance. To verify submission of your application, click on the 'My Career Tools' link at the top of the 'Careers Home Page' after submitting your application to view the list of applications you have submitted (including application date and status). If you have further questions, please call the Employment Help Line at (510) 464-6112, between the hours of 8:15am - 5:00pm, Monday- Friday. 
company_name : Bay Area Rapid Transit University of California San Francisco Medical Center Baxter Bio-Rad, Inc.
city : San Francisco Bay Area, CA San Francisco, CA Hayward, CA Richmond, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      