job_id : 1341d56845797063         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Technology Co-Op
start_date : 
description: Job Description Eaton is a power management company with 2013 sales of $22.0 billion. Eaton provides energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 101,000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries. For more information, visit www.eaton.com. At Eaton, we’re committed to “Doing Business Right” and that’s not just a slogan. It’s an unwavering commitment to the highest ethical practices and standards of behavior. It’s how we conduct ourselves in interactions with each other, our customers and our business partners. It’s how we support our communities, respect the environment, and it’s a reflection of our long-standing core values and beliefs about people. If you’re ready to do something that matters, and to be encouraged and rewarded for doing it, then Eaton is the place for you. Description: You deserve a challenging and rewarding experience where you can make a difference. You deserve an environment where you can develop the skills to be a leader. You deserve a company that has demonstrated a high degree of ethical standards and where “doing business right” really means something. You deserve an environment where your ideas matter. You deserve the Eaton Information Technology Co-Op position! Structure: This Co-Op is designed to provide opportunities to a diverse mix of students who demonstrate the same high level of ethics, values, creativity and performance we expect from our employees. During the paid rotations, students will work on projects that have a measurable impact on our business and will be coached and mentored by Eaton leaders. The objective of the Co-Op is to develop students in various roles in the Information Technology function, as well as assist in the personal development of leadership competencies through training, networking and coaching. The assignment will help the participant develop a wide range of leadership and functional competencies within the field of information technology. Possible Co-Op assignment areas could include business intelligence (data mining), project management, business analysis, enterprise resource planning and management systems, web and mobile applications, telecommunications and data infrastructure processes, systems architecture, IT security and many other disciplines which form the backbone for service delivery at a premier industrial diversified manufacturer. This Co-Op is for students pursuing a degree in Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science, Computer Engineering or another technology-based degree. After completion of the Co-Op, and upon graduation, your experience and newly acquired skills could lead you to a variety of career paths, such as the Eaton Leadership Development Program- Information Technology. This full-time position would provide you the opportunity to have several assignments in information technology-related areas that are progressive in job responsibilities and provide a broad experience across multiple business units, to develop a variety of business and leadership skills. Basic Qualifications (Including Educational Requirements) Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree (minimum of two years completed) at an accredited college/university, with a GPA of 3.0 or higher in Information Systems / Technology disciplines such as: •Management Information Systems •Information Systems and Technology •Computer Science •Computer Engineering •Information Technology Management •Operations/Industrial Management •Computing and Technology Systems •Business degree specializing in information systems / technology Leadership aptitude and desire to build a career in information technology Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Business process and analytical skills Prior internship experience is a plus, but is not required. Authorization to work in the U.S. on an on-going basis without visa sponsorship 
company_name : Eaton Volvo Construction Equipment Plantronics TheLatest.com
city : United States United, PA Santa Cruz, CA Los Angeles, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      