job_id : 1c16096a81a6b2c2         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Network Administrator I
start_date : 
description: The Donohoe Companies, a leading real estate/construction/hospitality company in the Washington DC region, has an immediate opening for a full-time Network Administrator I. We are offering a competitive salary and full benefits package that includes free parking. The Donohoe Companies is ranked in the top 50 private companies in the metropolitan area and was recently honored as a 2014 "Best Places to Work" by the Washington Business Journal. This position provides Network administration and Help Desk support for a Microsoft Windows Environment. The ideal candidate will be reliable and have a strong sense of responsibility. They will possess a strong technical skills and the ability to follow up on issues to ensure resolution. Responsibilities: • Oversee day-to-day operations of computer networks including hardware/software support. • Support, maintains, and evaluate computer networking systems and software. • Install, configure, and maintain both physical and virtual computer servers. • Create and maintain user accounts, profiles, and Email accounts. • Provides file sharing rights, access privileges and security. • Provide remote technical support for users. • Assists in coordinating and consulting with vendors and clients for hardware/software purchases, services and support. • Work independently and efficiently to meet deadlines. • Research and troubleshoot information technology issues as required. • Lift and transport moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. • Occasional local travel to sites within Metro area. • Reports to the Network Manager. Qualifications: • Minimum 1-2 year in a network administration position. • Microsoft Windows environment (Server 2003 and higher). • Experienced with Virtualized and Terminal Server enironments. • Strong working knowledge of MS Active Directory and MS Exchange Server required. • Strong technical knowledge of network and PC operating systems. • Extensive end-user systems experience. • Excellent customer service and oral communication skills. • Keen attention to detail. • Proven analytical, evaluative, and technical problem-solving abilities. • Technical knowledge of current computer networks and desktop hardware, protocols, and standards. • MCSE and Network+ computer certificates are a plus. • Have access to reliable transportation and be available for occasional evening/weekend tasks. • Able to pass a drug test and background check. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled 
company_name : The Donohoe Companies Complete Building Services Hanley Wood TWD
city : Washington, DC Washington, DC Washington, DC Washington, DC
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      