job_id : 1efb8afc0f70bb2e         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk Technician
start_date : 
description: Help Desk Technician Fredericksburg Road Banking Center: 2900 Fredericksburg Rd Mon-Fri 8am-5pm : This is the initial support level responsible for basic customer issues and basic level technical support functions. The first job of a Helpdesk Technician is to gather the customer’s information and to determine the customer’s issue by analyzing the symptoms and figuring out the underlying problem. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES : The Help Desk Technician position is responsible for but not limited to assisting with help desk activities and supporting a wide range of IT applications and software including the Microsoft Office Suite of products, Adobe applications and other proprietary bank software. Responsible for the distribution of Helpdesk cases to the appropriate IT resources, reporting on the status of helpdesk cases and driving helpdesk cases through to the appropriate resolution. Assist in supporting the Bank’s Active Directory network and Microsoft Exchange platform. Assist with daily backups and monthly data recovery testing on all servers. Assist with backup support for the Bank’s enterprise Anti-virus platform. Assist with deployment of all Microsoft patches and computer updates. Assist with preparation and deployment of workstations and printers. Assist with remote deployment of enterprise wide applications. Assist with phone system support and administration. Assist all IT staff on projects as necessary when possible. Support all functions within the IT department as required by the workload of the department . This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive, and the employee will also perform other reasonably related business duties as assigned by their immediate supervisor and other management as required. Also, these duties and responsibilities will change as business conditions and technology mandates such change. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Work Experience: Required One year experience working in an IT network environment supporting Active Directory, Microsoft servers and Microsoft Office Suites or a college degree in Information Systems or other related computer field. Three years of overall experience working in a structured IT business environment. Strong Customer Service skills. Must be able to adapt to change and must be a strong team player. Strong written and verbal communication. Strong analytical skills. Work Experience: Preferred Basic networking experience, Basic workstation support experience, Basic WAN/LAN knowledge. Education: Required High School diploma or equivalent Education: Preferred College degree in Information Systems or related computer field preferred. Equipment/Machines: Computer / Network Hardware / Software Applications/Telephone/Fax Physical Requirements: Must be able to speak and hear both in person and over the phone Must be able to sit for long periods of time read on a computer screen Must be able to reach and type on keyboard Must be able to be mobile in an office environment Must be able to lift at least 20 to 29 pounds of equipment Jefferson Bank is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Affirmative Action Employer - M/F/V/D. 
company_name : Jefferson Bank Northrop Grumman INTECON Kingfisher Systems
city : San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      