job_id : 1ea8ff06ca51778a         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Lab Administrator
start_date : 
description: At Red Hat, we connect an innovative community of customers, partners, and contributors to deliver an open source stack of trusted, high-performing technologies that solve business problems. We’re a billion dollar S&P 500 company offering solutions from Linux to middleware, storage to cloud, together with award-winning global customer support, consulting, and implementation services. Job summary The Red Hat Engineering team is seeking a Lab Administrator. In this entry level position, you'll receive hardware from the shipping dock, check it in against established receiving procedures, rack and stack servers, and upgrade firmware in a Red Hat engineering facility under the guidance of system administrators who will guide you as necessary. System administration skills are preferred, but not required. This is an entry level opportunity, with high potential to develop into a Linux system administrator role. Primary job responsibilities Perform Linux installations Perform CPU, memory, and firmware upgrades, and firmware upgrades Receive hardware and rack and stack servers Required skills Prior experience in customer support, computer operations, system administration, or a closely related area is required Motivated to advance in Information Technology as a profession Demonstrate initiative, good work ethic, and an ability to learn and quickly grasp technical concepts (however, there will be people available for technical guidance) Some knowledge of and experience with Linux or UNIX is required Ability to lift up to 75 pounds of equipment; this role involves lifting, carrying, squatting, and bending Good interpersonal and communication skills; must be capable of explaining simple procedures and have good phone skills Detail oriented and thorough when following procedures Ability to follow verbal and written instructions well Degree or certificate in computer science or technology related field is preferred Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military status or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military status or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. Posted date: 07/21/14 
company_name : Red Hat, Inc. Adjuvent Consulting FORTIRA Inc C3i, Inc.
city : Westford, MA Hanscom AFB, MA Cambridge, MA Framingham, MA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      