job_id : 1299d30886a19265         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Technology Analyst
start_date : 
description: JOB PURPOSE: The Video Services group in Creative Services produces a variety of video, audio, and live streaming video. The systems required to support this team consists of high-end workstations and infrastructure in order to support the large file sizes at sufficient speeds to facilitate the creative process. This position will be the primary direct user support position in the group. Primary responsibilitieswill be to support all of the user Macintosh computers (30+) in Creative Services (including video, graphic design, multimedia and photography) as well as Windows and Linux servers and an LTO tape library. When time allows, the position may include supporting the video production work of the section'sproducer/directors and editors. JOB DUTIES: Job responsibilities will include primary hardware and software support for laptops and desktops(Mac and PC), as well as servers and support infrastructure. Many of the sesystems are outside of the scope of Caterpillar’s Global Information Services (GIS) team, however this position will require working together with the GIS team to support the Creative Services integration with the enterprise IT infrastructure. This includes maintaining the Creative Services systems in accordance with GIS policies and industry best practices. Duties may also include CODEC conversion, data duplication, retrieval and data rescue. This position also includes the organization and maintenance of working inventory of workstations and software, including serial keys and activation codes. The position manages the completion of its own work assignments and coordinates work with others. Typical internal customers include the position's work group including 7 video producers, 3 video editors, 4 photographers, 7 graphic designers, a video librarian and immediate supervisor. External contacts include various internal customers and vendors throughout worldwide markets. The position is challenged to quickly and correctly identify problems based on troubleshooting data and provide comprehensive solutions. Qualifications Required Qualifications: *Associates level degree in Computer Science *Five to ten years of progressively responsible IT job-related experiences *Must be knowledgeable of various Mac and PC operating systems, hardware, software, servers and networks (including the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), digital asset management systems, media streaming software, non-linear editingsoftware, specifically Final Cut Pro and Adobe Creative Suite) *10-15% travel will be required Desired Qualifications: * Work experience creative services area and/or web development * Computer related or Engineering related Bachelor's degree Additional Information: There is no relocation available for this position. Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers Your road to achievement is built through a Caterpillar career. As part of the talented Caterpillar team, you have the opportunity to make a positive impact on your community and the world. EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals – including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities – are encouraged to apply. Unposting Date - Aug 13, 2014, 11:59:00 PM Primary Location - United States-Illinois-Peoria Job - Information Technology 
company_name : Caterpillar Caterpillar Automotive Robotics Inc. Caterpillar
city : Peoria, IL East Peoria, IL Peoria, IL Morton, IL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      