job_id : 1b47846bb6108295         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk Technician
start_date : 
description: L-3 National Security Solutions is currently seeking a Help Desk Technician to work in Oklahoma City, OK! JOB SUMMARY Employee will primarily be involved in taking calls and providing remote technical support for Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) users. Employee will also be interfacing with Tier-2 and local support staff at various FAA supported sites throughout the nation and its territories. Employee will possibly be tasked with the creation and maintenance of support documentation provided in a knowledgebase. The employee’s work will be performed as directed by the employee’s supervisor in accordance with established procedures, the Staff Work Instruction and with applicable policies and guidance from the FAA customer. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Employee will assists customers experiencing issues with accessing or utilizing FAA computer resources. They will resolve routine and minor technical problems related to computers, Local Area Network (LAN) servers, and telecommunications. The employee will exercise judgment in escalating incidents to the appropriate personnel as the tier two level as well as document incidents using automated incident management software. OTHER FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES The employee will create documentation to be added to the knowledgebase as needed. They will process email assistance requests sent to the NSC Inbox and perform other duties as assigned by supervisor Qualifications L-3 National Security Solutions (NSS) is among the largest divisions of global defense leader, L-3. We provide cybersecurity, intelligence, and enterprise information technology services and solutions to the Intelligence Community; the Department of Defense; U.S. federal civilian, state, and local government agencies; and international customers. L-3 National Security Solutions (NSS) is proud of our many long-term partnerships with our customers. We take their missions as our own, always aiming to improve our level of service. Our employees take pride in their consistent application of industry best practices and their ongoing dedication to the highest standards of business ethics – reflected in our motto, The Power of Partnership – from Vision to Reality. Please take a few minutes to apply online and if your background matches the requirements, you will be contacted by one our Recruiters. We offer a competitive benefits package for Full time and Part time employees to include: paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending account, long and short term disability and company paid life insurance, 401(k) Employee Stock Purchase Plan, referral bonuses and tuition reimbursement. L-3 Communications Corporation is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. L-3 provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. L-3 maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. We encourage minorities, women, protected veterans, and disabled individuals to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified. . LI-MS01 Must have excellent analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to troubleshoot technical and complex computer/network related issues Must enjoy assisting people in need of technical assistance in a tactful manner Ability to accurately recall policies and procedures Ability to multitask Ability to perform and complete special projects REQUIRED CERTS, TRAINING, SKILLS High School Diploma One to two years of helpdesk experience or informational technology related field Type 15-20 words per minute HDI CSR Certification (within 3 months of hire) Lotus Notes Training (within 30 days of hire) Remedy Training (within 2 weeks of hire) PREFERRED Experience supporting Windows Operating Systems in a Helpdesk environment ITIL v3 Foundations Certification Experience supporting Office EMS365 Experience supporting Windows XP & 7 Experience with Lotus Notes ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATIONS & TRAINING USEFUL Bachelor’s Degree in related field HDI Analyst Certification Net+ Certified Windows 7 (70-680 or 70-685) Security+ Active Security Clearance US Security Clearance Required : Public Trust Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No 
company_name : L-3 Communications Compucom BIS Loves Travel Stops & Country Store
city : Oklahoma City, OK Oklahoma City, OK Edmond, OK Oklahoma City, OK
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      