job_id : 1b58e16e1422125a         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Support Technician II
start_date : 
description: Work in an office environment to provide end-user technology support and IT projects/initiatives support. The primary daily responsibilities will include responding to helpdesk assignments, organizing upgrades and new system configurations, and supporting remote offices. The individual must be capable of working under general supervision. The primary work site will be Conshohocken, PA, but travel to other regional offices is anticipated. Training and Experience • 2+ years of related experience, AA/AS or similar technical education is required, but BA/BS or combination of technical training, certifications, and experience is preferred. • Must be proactive, self-starting and require minimal supervision and must have good verbal and written communication skills and a desire to work with details • Must have documented experience and proficiency in Windows 7, Microsoft Office products, or customer defined application suites • Proficiency with administering accounts in an Active Directory environment is preferred • Must have knowledge of general application of technical theories, concepts, and industry practices and standards to perform work of routine scope and complexity referring to policies for guidance. • Must possess sound hardware debugging, software installation, experience with remote support, and good organization and communication skills. • Microsoft MCP certification • Professional, team oriented, and customer focused. • The individual must be capable of working under general supervision; work is reviewed for adequacy and accuracy by supervisor. Other Essential Functions • Ability to operate a personal computer, telephone, copier and other general office equipment • Ability to conduct evaluation of third and fourth generation or current state of the art computer hardware and software • Ability to support specific requirements, interfacing with other equipment and systems • Ability to work in a fast paced environment • Ability to work under pressure to complete deadlines • Ability to interact professionally with co-workers and all levels of management • Ability to multi-task • Must have excellent interpersonal skills. • Must have a valid Driver’s license • Ability to adhere to safety standards and procedures Other Requirements • Will require the ability to stoop, squat, and reach above shoulder level to install computer equipment. Visiting customer areas throughout various large buildings and project site locations. • Ability to push and pull, as well as lift and carry up to 25 pounds. • Walking moderate to long distances due to parking availability. • Must be able to obtain unescorted access to work areas. • May be subject to other physical exams if required to wear a respirator or are designated by the COR to have other physicals due to the work area in which you are assigned. • Must be able to wear personal protective equipment as required. Affirmative Action/Employment Opportunity Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Jacobs does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of: race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by country, regional or local law. Amount of Travel 
company_name : Jacobs First Quality First Quality Citadel
city : Conshohocken, PA King of Prussia, PA King of Prussia, PA Exton, PA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      