job_id : 1af7031cb1fa517e         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Network Specialist
start_date : 
description: Company Overview Youth Villages has been a national leader in the implementation of research-based treatment philosophies in the field of children's mental and behavioral health. Our commitment to helping troubled children and their families find success spans 20+ years and includes a comprehensive array of programs and services. If you are looking for a positive career move where you are meeting the challenges of life and striving to make a positive difference, then Youth Villages is the place for you. We are looking for people with a strong sense of purpose and focus to continually build confidence in yourself and our organization. Position Overview The IT Network Specialist Supports and maintains the Youth Villages network including hardware, applications and user support. *The shift hours for this position will be between 10:00am and 7:00pm in order to ensure that we are able to support all of our offices across all time zones. This position will also have the opportunity to participate in various projects and upgrades during the time that many of our offices are closed. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Other duties may be assigned: Support end-users with technical issues. Maintain member and role servers including MS Exchange, Sharepoint and Lync. Manage Active Directory and group policy for multiple OUs and sites. Ensure security of network using intrusion detection, firewall configuration, anti- virus protection and vulnerability assessment. Support and maintain network hardware: switches, routers, servers, workstations and fiber equipment. Manage and complete long-term technical projects. Performs upgrades of hardware and software for the systems at Youth Villages. Education: Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience 2-4 years experience in related field A+, N+ and MCP certifications are a plus Relevant Experience: MS Office applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and InfoPath Meraki wireless and wired networks or other cloud-managed systems MS Server applications System Center, Exchange, Lync and Sharepoint MS Windows Server versions 2003, 2008 R2, and 2012 Firewall configuration and troubleshooting Network monitoring software such as PRTG Virtualization technologies like MS HyperV and VMWare Backup and restore procedures DFS, network printers, file shares, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, NFTS file permissions, WDS Video and voice conferencing using Polycom hardware Experience growth and development through our continuous training, as well as tuition and licensure reimbursement, or pursue opportunities to advance both clinically and administratively with Youth Villages. Additional Benefits Medical, Dental, Prescription Drug Coverage and Vision Retirement Savings Pension Plan 403 (b) 2 weeks paid vacation 12 paid sick days per year 9 paid holidays Mileage & Cell Phone Reimbursement (when applicable) EOE 
company_name : Youth Villages Sedgwick Claims Management Services Williams-Sonoma Inc. Thomas & Betts Corporation
city : Memphis, TN Memphis, TN Memphis, TN Memphis, TN
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      