job_id : 2b6d0ed54f2bdd2d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Contract Field Specialist
start_date : 
description: As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors. With approximately 28,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled GENERAL SUMMARY: Selected candidate serves as an asistant in Licolndale, New York, assisting with the implementation of Division of Children's Services program, with respect to the care and placement of unaccompanied children. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide administrative support to the Federal Field Specialist, including tracking of cases, scheduling conference calls, taking minutes, data entry of cases, entering updates into agency system, coordinating with various government agencies as requested. Become familiar with Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) processes and procedures and provide technical assistance to UAC programs as requested. As requested, provide onsite monitoring of Case Worker family reunification documentation. Contract Field Staff (CFS) will review documentation of a random sampling of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) case files from each of a care provider's Case Workers. CFS will review the current status of the Care Provider Family Reunification Checklist during the monitoring period to ensure that all documents contained in the checklist are 1) in the UAC case file 2) complete/incomplete and, 3) accurate. The CFS will ensure that Case Workers working on or gathering family reunification documents are following policies and procedures, and relevant guidance. As requested, provide onsite monitoring and technical assistance on UAC Assessments and Case Reviews. CFS will review the current status of a random sampling of UAC Assessments and case Reviews completed by each Case Worker or Clinician (along with the relevant child assessments). CFS will ensure that these forms are written in a way that utilizes child welfare best practices and cover all requirements. As requested, provide other technical assistance to Case Workers. CFS will continually assist Case Workers on applying current family reunification policy and guidance as well as other non-family reunification policy on an as needed basis. Management will determine what policies and guidance the CFS can assist Case Worker staff with. Reporting. CFS will report findings, including deficiencies, case management and clinical efficiencies encountered during routine onsite monitoring of UAC case files. The CFS may be asked to take part in a corrective action plan, which will be done on a case-by-case basis. Tracks specific cases and performs additional duties as assigned. Additional Requirements: Travel is required; potentially one trip every 3 weeks; Flexible work schedule; potential weekend coverage Associates Degree in a related discipline (such as social work). 3-5 years of related experience. 1. Excellent written and verbal communication skills 2. Experience working with immigrant, refugee, and underserved populations is preferred 3. Expert in MS Office suite of tools 4. Bilingual fluency in Spanish 5. Travel to facilities is required and will be reimbursed as per Federal travel regulations. 
company_name : General Dynamics - IT Pearson Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. Ricoh
city : Lincolndale, NY White Plains, NY Ardsley, NY Greenwich, CT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      