job_id : 213b26015eab82ac         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support Specialist
start_date : 
description: Inflection is looking for a hard-working, go-getter to join our Information Technology Team. In this role you will be responsible for providing desktop support to technical and non-technical staff and assisting system administrators with corporate and production system support. We want to find someone with a “do-what-it-takes” attitude, who is both creative and efficient in finding solutions to everyday problems. We need you to be able to work independently, pick things up quickly, and use your expertise to ensure everyone stays up and running smoothly. Responsibilities: You will be responsible for all day-to-day desktop support. You will report to the Senior Systems Administrator and will be responsible for: Initial setup and ongoing support of Apple laptops as well as Dell workstations and notebooks running OSX, Windows 7 and MS Office. Provide first level helpdesk support and troubleshooting for Inflection’s users, opening and maintaining trouble tickets, assigning to other IT staff as appropriate. Create and maintain end-user documentation, FAQs and helpdesk portal self-service resources and web sites. Assist our Sr. Systems Administrator with network services such as Active Directory, DNS, CIFS, NFS, tape and disk backups, networking, and hotfixes Administer user accounts and VPN access in our Active Directory environment with Exchange, Google Aps, two-factor authentication and other Linux and Windows hosted applications Procure and install end-user software, hardware and peripherals Provide support for remote employees and support our remote offices Administer our voice-over-IP (VOIP) user accounts and phones Provide off-hours support and escalation via phone and remote access as required Maintain system, change management, incident response, process and network documentation. Produce weekly IT reports showing key performance metrics, trends and statistics Qualifications/Character Traits: 3+ years experience with end user desktop support (Active Directory and/or OpenLDAP) 1+ year of Administration experience in mixed Windows/Linux environments Understanding of VPN and other remote access technologies Familiarity with VMware products including Fusion and Workstation or similar such as Parallels Excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills with both software and hardware. Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills. Must have great time management and prioritization skills. Thorough understanding of desktop and notebook troubleshooting, maintenance and repair. Ability to create concise and clear documentation understandable by end-users. Desirable Skills and Experience: Experience with Zimbra or Microsoft Exchange Server Demonstrated experience running an organized and efficient helpdesk as a leader or the sole person responsible A+ certification or equivalent PC and Apple hardware troubleshooting experience. You believe that work and fun can, in fact, coexist: Bored employees make boring products. At Inflection, there's no such thing. We run big websites with millions of users, but we're allergic to the sterile and cold corporate culture. Work and life should definitely be buddies, so we're serious about cultivating a fab work environment. To wit: Conveniently located off 101 in Redwood Shores, with free Caltrain access through company sponsored GO Pass and a shuttle from both Hillsdale and San Carlos Caltrain stations Business goals celebrated with Major Milestone Trips and frequent Friday Happy Hours Company sponsored catered lunch daily A start up's pantry of complimentary beverages and snacks Company subsidized gym membership at nearby Pacific Athletic Club High energy team with great mix of experienced entrepreneurs, talented engineers, and successful Silicon Valley veterans Culture of acting with integrity Competitive compensation including equity options Comprehensive benefits package including medical/dental coverage, 401K, and life insurance 
company_name : Inflection WilmerHale DataSafe, Inc. Progreso Financiero
city : Redwood City, CA Palo Alto, CA San Francisco, CA Redwood City, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      