job_id : 286f25d222c249ca         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support Technician II
start_date : 
description: We are looking for experienced Desktop Support Technicians to join our dynamic, talented consulting team. The Desktop Support Technician is part of a team responsible for providing technical support and deployment services to various clients located throughout the Puget Sound area for their project needs. TYPICAL DUTIES (Duties will vary based on assigned project needs): • Provide desk-side technical support to end-users in an enterprise environment. Identify, research, and resolve issues while maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction. Responsible for timely resolution and updates of support tickets with appropriate information and data. • Remote technical support including remote control of end users devices. • Deployments of new computer hardware or moves, and existing computer operating system upgrades. Physical installs/placement of equipment, data backup and transfer, imaging, configurations, application installs/setups, profile transfer, and preparation of old computers for disposal or re-deployment. • Short term projects may include: computer and/or server moves and deployments, computer arm installs, and other hardware deployments. Some projects may involve travel to sites throughout Washington state, or nationwide. EXPERIENCE (Qualified individuals should possess): • At least 2 years of Windows Desktop/Laptop support in a professional enterprise environment. Including: o MS Office, and other software application setups, upgrades, and troubleshooting. o Install, upgrade and/or configure desktop computers primarily in a Windows XP/7 operating system environment. o Experience interacting with numerous computer platforms in a multi-layered client server environment. • Prefer familiarity with using image creation and application packing or related tools. • Experience with server moves/deployments, computer arms, computers on carts, and/or large computer moves is a plus. REQUIREMENTS: • Superior customer service skills. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills. • Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. • Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. • The majority of our projects are located in the greater Seattle /Puget Sound area. We strongly prefer applicants that have flexibility to work at multiple customer locations throughout the Puget Sound area. • Experience working in a hospital environment is a plus. • AA degree in an IT related field strongly preferred. • An A+, MCP, MCDST, and/or MCSE Certification desired but not required. • Ability to travel is a plus. 
company_name : Denali Advanced Integration Seattle Goodwill HomeStreet Bank CGI
city : Seattle, WA Seattle, WA Seattle, WA Seattle, WA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      