job_id : 2162c1b49667212b         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support Analyst II
start_date : 
description: This position is second in the core family of Desktop Support Analysts. This position provides high level, Tier 2 customer service and technical support through analysis and problem solving to facilitate installation, implementation, maintenance, education, and documentation of a variety of computer and software technologies utilizing over the phone, remote communication technologies, and onsite support to service the customer. The position has no project leadership accountability, but is expected to demonstrate project leadership. Qualified applicants should possess at least two to four years of previous service support experience that required extensive telephone contact, and past exposure to the insurance industry is preferred but not required. The Desktop Support Analyst II is required to demonstrate, at a high level, the ability to produce detailed incident resolutions for a technical audience. They should also be able to demonstrate at a high level, the ability to produce clear written communications for a non-technical audience. The Desktop Support Analyst II is required, at a high level, to possess effective verbal and interpersonal skills, which should be demonstrated in articulate and coherent responses to the customer on technical issues and incident resolution. Presentation skills are required. The Desktop Support Analyst II must be an expert in Microsoft Windows XP or higher support, Microsoft Office Applications, and Internet Explorer. They must have exemplary customer service and time management skills. They must have expert knowledge of desktop/laptop hardware. The Desktop Support Analyst II should be able to quickly discern what is communicated to them through incident documentation. They should then promptly identify possible solutions/workarounds with expert analytical and problem solving skills, while being observant of current Service Level Agreements (SLAs) between the Desktop Support and various business units within the company. State Auto offers competitive compensation, an annual bonus program, an excellent benefits package including medical, dental and prescription insurance coverage, life insurance, 401(k) plan, flexible spending accounts, tuition assistance for industry courses, and a stock purchase plan. State Auto is a smoke-free work environment. We utilize drug screening and background checks as conditions of employment. For all exempt positions we also obtain motor vehicle reports (MVR s). Third Party Candidates Will Not Be Accepted. Position Tracking # 2014-085210-5 Position Type: Exempt Date Posted: 4/11/14 #LI-RE1 
company_name : State Auto Insurance Companies Stonegate Mortgage Corporation Charter Schools USA Vaco
city : Indianapolis, IN Indianapolis, IN Indianapolis, IN Indianapolis, IN
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      