job_id : 243e56883b7cd819         
businesscategory_name : 
title : NETWORK ADMINISTRATOR 3 for Foundry in Ft. Drumm Job
start_date : 
description: Job Requisition Number: 91068 Category: Network/Telecom - Systems Administration Primary Location: Fort Drum, NY, US Security Clearance: TS/SCI Clearance Status: Must be Current Schedule: Full Time Type of Travel: Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10% Description : CACI is growing and hiring a Network Administrator Duties and Responsibilities: With a wide range of knowledge, designs, installs, and maintains the network system and coordinates its use. Evaluates hardware and software and peripheral equipment for large, complex networks. Manages network performance. Troubleshoots and resolves complex problems to ensure quality transmission service on the network. Maintains, create/deletes user accounts, maintains and updates system security plans on all platforms. Responsible for the day-to-day operation of computer networks including hardware/software support, training, and special projects; plans, designs and implements data connectivity for local area network (LAN) and wide area network (WAN) systems. Assists in coordinating special projects including network related wiring plans, LAN/WAN hardware/software purchases, and system installation, backup, maintenance and problem solving; assists in providing network and remote connectivity hardware/software support. Maintains network user documentation including hardware/software applications, support logs and other related information. Researches and recommends network and server hardware and software for large complex networks. Participates and/or manages and schedules installing, designing, configuring, and maintaining system hardware and software as needed. Analyzes and troubleshoots any complex network logs and oversees the tracking of the nature and resolution of problems. Monitors usage to ensure security of data and access privileges; installs, supports and maintains network servers and appliances; establishes and maintains user accounts, profiles, file sharing, access privileges and security; performs daily server tape backups. Researches, analyses, monitors, troubleshoots and resolves complex server or data network problems. Develops, maintains and implements network support, and archiving procedures. Researches and evaluates new technologies related to computer networking. Assists in planning, coordinating and consulting with vendors and clients for hardware/software purchases, product services and support; recommends and specifies the purchase of related products and services. Keeps current regarding new hardware/software products for system enhancements. Assists LAN/WAN team members when requested, including performing scheduled network tasks, updating anti-virus definition files, monitoring network servers, and providing internet and intranet user support, and specialized training. Establishes and maintains user e-mail accounts; provides e-mail training and software support; provides e-mail documentation and updates user manual as needed. Implements and coordinates network policies, procedures and standards and enforces security procedures. Provides programming and technical support and maintenance for customized database application. Meets with clients to plan, analyze, design, and test computer applications. Insures that computer software and applications adhere to the organizational plan. Provides solutions to customer identified problems; designs database forms and procedures. Tests data for customized database users. Required Qualifications: Typically requires bachelor's degree or equivalent, and five to seven years of related (data center environment) experience. Security + Certification, Network Expertise in Windows, Unix and Linux environments with experience in Intelligence Community or Armed Forces Networks. Top Secret SCI Eligibility. Must be a Independent Contributor who works well across military, civilian and contractor sector. The clearance level required is dependent on the type of clearance supported by our client. Desired Qualifications: ITIL or Microsoft Certifications, Customer Interaction and Accountability Capable. CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. Join CACI, where you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian clients. A member of the Fortune 1000 Largest Companies and the Russell 2000 Index, CACI provides dynamic careers for approximately 15,000 employees working in over 120 offices worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. 
company_name : CACI International Inc Superior Group United States Army National Guard
city : Fort Drum, NY Fort Drum, NY Fort Drum, NY Fort Drum, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      