job_id : 2fffb23fddaa3416         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Support Technician
start_date : 
description: At Amazon, we strive to be Earth’s most customer-centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online. We hire the world’s brightest minds, offering them an environment in which they can relentlessly improve the customer experience. Innovation and creativity are built into the DNA of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment. Every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun. Amazon, one of the top 100 companies in the United States, has an immediate opening for an IT Support Technician in our Fulfillment Center. Fulfillment Centers throughout the U.S. handle millions of items from tens of thousands of vendors and ships them across the globe each day. The successful IT Support Technician will be responsible for utilizing his/her skills to provide assistance to the operations team in resolving technical problems within the Fulfillment Center that cover a multitude of technical disciplines. The IT Support Technician position is the first level of support for the operations of the Fulfillment Center and becomes the voice and face of the IT department to our customers. Amazon seeks individuals who are willing to Work Hard, Have Fun, and join us in making Worldwide History. Responsibilities include allocation and maintenance of IT equipment throughout the Fulfillment Center. This includes troubleshooting of all IT related equipment such as PCs, wireless handheld devices, thin clients, printers and other end user devices. IT Support Technicians are also responsible for the RMA and repair process for all devices under warranty. The IT Support Technician is a member of the larger IT team within the Fulfillment Center and will specifically support the Senior Technicians in daily projects and activities as directed. IT Support Technicians are also expected to participate in learning new technologies and career development opportunities as presented in an effort to progress to higher level positions within the IT network. All IT Support Technician positions will be on a rotation shift schedule between days and nights. The position will also require supporting of multiple buildings around the area. This position reports directly to the IT manager for the Fulfillment Center. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Vet Basic Qualifications Understanding of basic computer/network concepts and terms Experience in Microsoft Office applications including but not limited to MS Word, Excel, Power Point, and Outlook Excellent written and verbal communication skills High school diploma or equivalent Stand/walk for 10-12 hours at a time Willingness to work flexible shifts and schedule including weekends, nights, and holidays Authorization to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Must be highly self-motivated and customer-centric Preferred Qualifications Experience troubleshooting thin clients, PCs, scanners, and portable handheld terminals Experience troubleshooting and maintaining laser printers and zebra printers. Inventory management skills Network + Certification or equivalent experience/knowledge A+ Certified or equivalent experience/knowledge 1-3 years of experience working in a production environment Ability to manage multiple customer requests simultaneously Ability to prioritize work based on department and production objectives Willingness to relocate as business needs arise for career advancement opportunities Ability to travel up to 10%. 
company_name : Amazon.com.nvdc,Inc. Amazon.com.nvdc,Inc. Amazon.com.nvdc,Inc. Banfield Pet Hospital
city : Fernley, NV Fernley, NV Fernley, NV Spanish Springs, NV
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      