job_id : 2a4aca8552791024         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator Assistant
start_date : 
description: Full time, day shift, Fri-Mon. Assist in the setup, maintenance, and support for all administrative servers, work stations, networks, printers, and other peripherals. Provide maintenance and support for all servers, back-of-the-house systems, and networks. Must posses a high school diploma or GED equivalent. Requires 10 years computer networking experience, 10 years advanced hardware and software trouble shooting skills, Windows Server 2008 R2 setup and management, working knowledge of Hyper-V, 10 years general software and computer equipment analysis, 3 years extensive knowledge of Windows 7 installation and support (Windows a plus), 10 years’ experience with Microsoft Word, Excel and Access, ability to build and upgrade PC’s and maintain industry literacy and fundamentals. Must possess excellent people skills and have the ability to work independently. Must be able to pass a criminal background check to obtain a Class III Gaming license. JOB SUMMARY: Provide setup, maintenance, and support for all administrative servers, workstations, networks, printers, and other peripherals. Perform research and development, implementation of new technologies. EXTENT OF JOB AUTHORITY: Reports directly to the Manager of Systems Administration, and performs duties as required. MINIMUM EDUCATION REQUIRED: High School Diploma or GED required. At least four years of technical training with intensive computer and network maintenance experience are required. Network and Computer repair certifications are desired. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Manual and finger dexterity. Must be able to lift over 75 lbs. Must be able to bend, stoop, lift, reach, push, pull, twist, walk, crouch, and squat. Must be able to speak, hear, and see. Must be able to walk and stand for extended periods of time. MINIMUM SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Must have knowledge and experience in the following areas: Three years of computer networking experience, Two years advanced hardware and software trouble shooting skills, Two years Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 setup and management, Two years extensive knowledge of Windows XP/ 7 installation and support, Experience with Active Directory, Group Policy management, DNS, DHCP, and firewalls. Two years experience with Microsoft Office Suite, ability to build and upgrade computers.Must possess excellent people skills, be able to work independently, and be able to train staff. DESIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Must have knowledge and experience in the following areas: Five years of computer networking experience, Five years advanced hardware and software trouble shooting skills, Four years Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 setup and management, Five years extensive knowledge of Windows XP/ 7 installation and support, Experience with Active Directory, Group Policy management, DNS, DHCP, Microsoft SQL and firewalls. Four years experience with Microsoft Office Suite, ability to build and upgrade computers. Must possess excellent people skills, be able to work independently, and be able to train staff. SPECIFIC DUTIES: Maintain all administrative servers, workstations, networks, and other peripherals. Install, configure, and maintain backup and recovery solutions for all network systems. Assist in the coordination and execution of all IT administrative projects. Provide excellent customer service. Resolve IT work orders and problem reports. Assist in data warehouse development, archiving, and data retrieval. Assist in database design, maintenance, extraction, and reporting. Interface with vendors and technicians to install or maintain systems and services. Assist in the creation and maintenance of Active Directory components. Ability to support Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, MSSQL, switches and firewalls Maintain inventory of non-gaming computer equipment, peripherals, software and licenses. Troubleshoot and upgrade PC’s as needed. Maintain Systems Configuration Manuals and Network Diagrams (cable plant records). Assist with researching, developing, and deployment of leading edge technologies. Ensure adherence to Minimum Internal Control Standards, as well as internal standards and procedures. 
company_name : Lucky Eagle Casino State of Washington North Thurston Public Schools North Thurston Public Schools
city : Rochester, WA Tumwater, WA Lacey, WA Lacey, WA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      