job_id : 200c4f71e1ecd6f4         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Operations Specialist
start_date : 
description: Summary The IT Support Specialist’s will be part of a team that provides monitoring of Sorenson production systems for 24x7 hour operation; provide front line operations, customer service and technical assistance to call center agents, management and technical teams. This person will report and resolve issues reported to NOC and document them appropriately in tickets, reports and logs. This individual will also support day to day operations in call centers using a ticketing system, troubleshoot workstations and mobile devices; configure, deploy and troubleshoot internal and business applications and OS; and support internal projects in alignment with the business objectives of the organization using best practices and procedures. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Provide monitoring and front line support response of Sorenson production systems and networks. Provide technical assistance to call center agents and management. Provide technical assistance to escalation teams. Perform system maintenance. Manage support tickets, including environment upgrade to the latest stable version. Maintain, configure, and support call centers and corporate workstations. Support large scale deployment of software and services. Escalate problems to appropriate departments for resolution. Adhere to IT Ops best practice processes and standards . Qualifications, Education, and/or Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent experience. Minimum of: 4 years experience installing/configuring and supporting networks, workstations and servers. 2 years experience monitoring, managing and supporting production computer systems. 2 years experience working directly with end users and customers. 2 years support experience with Ms Office products. Communications/Language Skills: Good verbal and written communication skills. Ability to effectively plan and organize appointments and meet reporting deadlines. American Sign Language knowledge not required, but a plus. Minimum of 45 wpm required. Ability to Manage (if applicable): Ability to manage trouble incidences from beginning to end. Must be able to manage time effectively. Must be able to cover graveyard, weekends, holidays and regular shifts. Must be detail oriented and document incidents and escalations. Must be able to work effectively in a high-stress environment. Must be process oriented and highly organized. Good problem solving skills in regard to hardware and software maintenance, and fault diagnosis. Knowledge of ITIL framework and IT service management is desired, but not required. Location: Salt Lake City HQ, Utah Physical Demands (if applicable): Shift to cover regular, swing, graveyard, and holidays days. On-call availability. Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, power tools, and to handle other computer components. Occasional inspection of cables in floors and ceilings. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. Work Environment: General office environment. Work is generally sedentary in nature, but may require standing, walking and carrying things at times. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is generally performed within an office environment, with standard office equipment available. Equal Employment Opportunity: Sorenson Communications is an equal employment opportunity employer and will give all qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
company_name : Sorenson Communications Basecamp Franchising Intermountain Healthcare O.C. Tanner
city : Salt Lake City, UT Salt Lake City, UT South Jordan, UT Salt Lake City, UT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      