job_id : 2e77afa7879eecd4         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk Analyst
start_date : 
description: Company Information: HomeServe USA is a leader in supplying homeowners with worry-free warranty services that provide peace of mind. Our incredible growth rate is fueled by a dynamic team of individuals who value teamwork, collaboration and providing exceptional customer service while maintaining a work atmosphere that’s fun and friendly. HomeServe USA is part of a global organization that serves millions of customers in the US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Canada and Spain. We’re strong, stable and growing! Come see why you should work for us Why Work at HomeServe? We are seeking a highly motivated Help Desk Analyst to be part of a new and exciting team located at our Corporate Headquarters in Norwalk, CT. The HomeServe USA Service Desk provides world class service to all internal and external customers and is the single point of contact for customer needs. The Help Desk Analyst serves a fundamental role in driving and maintaining successful first time resolutions. Responding to and resolving customer issues, problems and queries relating to IT systems used throughout the Organization. Taking receipt of service desk support requests (primarily telephone but also email, written and in person) and logging them, either for first time resolution by the Service Desk Analyst or for escalation to other specialized areas of the IT Department. This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to be part of an Invigorating, dynamic and successful IT organization. Detailed Responsibilities: Receives requests for support or advice from customers and members via phone and email; takes ownership of and responsibility for the requests and priorities them in accordance with procedures and SLAs (Service Level Agreements) currently in operation. Troubleshoots the customer’s issue and resolve upon first contact, when possible. Accurately record and document all details of the issue or service request, including categorization and priority into the service desk tool. Monitors the progress of requests for support and ensures that customers and other interested parties are kept informed. Performs password resets and provides remote access/VPN support. Provides "how to" assistance on all internally supported devices, applications and systems. Escalates issues to appropriate second- and third-level subject-matter experts in accordance to service-level agreements, and follow up on incidents when appropriate. Leverages internal and external resources (knowledge bases, manuals, support sites, vendors, etc.) to answer questions and resolve issues. Contributes to the creation/facilitation/maintenance of FAQ documents, knowledge articles and user guides. Builds relationships with the Level 2 support technicians and Level 3 subject-matter experts to ensure that IT-delivered services and end-user productivity goals are understood and met or exceeded. An advocate for the customer’s to ensure he or she receives high-quality and timely service and support from the entire IT organization. Manages “Request for Change”, (RFC), approvals and completion within the Service Desk tool. Updates and distribute IT dashboard and metrics weekly with monthly roll-up. The Service desk offers off-hours support, and team members provide support on a rotating basis. Job Requirements: 2 -3 years’ experience in a customer service or Help Desk environment. Technical troubleshooting abilities and excellent customer service skills. Highly self-motivated and energetic. Strong documentation skills and attention to detail. Customer Focus; demonstrating empathy with others, good listening, and questioning skills. Ability to work well with others, contribute to team values and rapport-building across the organization. Effective prioritization skills and the ability to execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Desired Skills: Certification in ITIL Previous customer service or IT service desk experience (preferred) In return we offer Competitive compensation Career development and advancement opportunities Business-casual attire throughout the week Friendly, open and team oriented work atmosphere Excellent benefits including generous medical, vision, dental and life & disability insurance 401(k) plan with a company match HomeServe is an affimative action, equal opportuntiy company 
company_name : HomeServe USA Stamford Hospital Stamford Hospital IntegraMed America
city : Norwalk, CT Stamford, CT Stamford, CT Purchase, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      