job_id : 2f2cc7366a4e35b3         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Software Support Representative
start_date : 
description: A great new opportunity at a great company.... see what we're all about! At SilkRoad, it's all about the employees! We’re all about flexibility and growth - yours and ours. This is the opportunity to build your career with a leader. At SilkRoad, you will play an important role in our success while working in a great environment that's loaded with talented professionals. This is your opportunity to join us! SilkRoad technology is a leading hosted software solutions provider, and is seeking a top candidate to join our Customer Support team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction through the ongoing support of SilkRoad's ever-expanding customer base. This is a highly visible role with a focus on customer care methods and procedures and is crucial to SilkRoad's success. Working as a member of the Customer Support team, the qualified candidate will perform various duties including, but not limited to: Providing a memorable customer experience with EVERY customer contact by ensuring every service request is handled professionally; Providing telephone and email support to internal and external customers; Investigating, diagnosing and assessing technical problems reported by customers; Managing and documenting assigned incidents, including internal and external communications; Documenting all customer interactions in our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system; Working with the Development team to diagnose problems and identify corrective actions for customers; Understanding and assessing customer-reported issues to determine prioritization and steps to replicate utilizing the replication lab; Learning, understanding, maintaining and contributing to internal support processes; Maintaining strong adherence to Service Level Agreements; Reviewing and updating knowledge base and technical support documentation to reflect current technical information on product; Overseeing certain aspects of SilkRoad's customer service policies, objectives, and initiatives; Participating in special projects as assigned. Required Skills Excellent knowledge of the Internet and software such as Outlook, Excel, etc.; Strong problem solving skills; Exceptional research skills and resourcefulness; Ability to work with a globally distributed team without direct supervision; Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with an emphasis on tone, structure, grammar, and spelling. Required Experience Minimum of 3 years experience in customer service. Preferred Experience: Bachelor's Degree, preferred; Phone/call center experience, strongly preferred; Application Help Desk experience with CRM systems, preferred. 
company_name : SilkRoad Technology The HCI Group - USA Army National Guard Units (Title 32) EverBank
city : Jacksonville, FL Jacksonville, FL Jacksonville, FL Jacksonville, FL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      