job_id : 2f31f17a82cd236d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Proposal Analyst
start_date : 
description: As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors. With approximately 28,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled Responsible for the planning, coordination, development, and production of proposals. 1. Administers and coordinates activities involved in the development and revision of major proposals. 2. Serves as Proposal Coordinator (depending on size/complexity of bid) to direct production efforts with assistance of the production group. 3. May coordinate with subcontractors to collect data required for technical proposal development. 4. Develops format guidance and samples, in concert with Proposal Manager. 5. Assists in development of RFP/Proposal cross-reference matrix. 6. Assists during final delivery checkout and in administration and operation of web-based collaborative tools for proposal development7. Proofreads proposal text as directed 8. Participates in special projects as required. Bachelors Degree in Business Administration or a related business discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training or work experience. • 2-5 years of proposal preparation and analysis experience for a government contractor or equivalent technical experience. • Ensure that the proposal facility meets all requirements of capture and proposal managers by closely coordinating with the Logistics Staff. • Ensure that the proposal facility meets all requirements of capture and proposal managers by closely coordinating with the Logistics Staff. • Develop and maintain team roster. • Coordinate visit certifications with Security. • Establish file structure and backup procedures for proposal server. • Manage access to the proposal server. • Receive, maintain, and disseminate all RFPs and amendments for the proposal manager - keep a master RFP updated at all times with amendments. • Maintain electronic and hardcopy baselines for storyboards and proposal sections. • Assist the proposal manager with the enforcement of the proposal schedule. • In concert with the desktop lead, develop a proposal roadmap for display in the proposal war room. • Manage the flow of proposal inputs and outputs (text and graphics) through publications to meet established deadlines. • Assist the Proposal Manager with preparation and coordination of color reviews (Pink, Red, and Gold) and assist with tracking the suggested review changes. • Maintain status of all proposal sections at all times. • Lead the production, reproduction, and binding of the proposal product for delivery, to include softcopy delivery. • Ensure that all final proposal materials are turned over for archive. • Ensure that CDs are delivered to Contracts after proposal submission • Develop and maintain team roster. • Coordinate visit certifications with Security. • Establish file structure and backup procedures for proposal server. • Manage access to the proposal server. • Receive, maintain, and disseminate all RFPs and amendments for the proposal manager - keep a master RFP updated at all times with amendments. • Maintain electronic and hardcopy baselines for storyboards and proposal sections. • Assist the proposal manager with the enforcement of the proposal schedule. • In concert with the desktop lead, develop a proposal roadmap for display in the proposal war room. • Manage the flow of proposal inputs and outputs (text and graphics) through publications to meet established deadlines. • Assist the Proposal Manager with preparation and coordination of color reviews (Pink, Red, and Gold) and assist with tracking the suggested review changes. • Maintain status of all proposal sections at all times. • Lead the production, reproduction, and binding of the proposal product for delivery, to include softcopy delivery. • Ensure that all final proposal materials are turned over for archive. • Ensure that CDs are delivered to Contracts after proposal submission Security clearance desired Overtime availability required Must be able to work under deadline pressure 
company_name : General Dynamics - IT Blue Canopy Metron Inc 3Phoenix, Inc.
city : Herndon, VA Reston, VA Reston, VA Chantilly, VA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      