job_id : 2d59ae0e0d9d7d31         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Sr. Systems Analyst
start_date : 
description: Supports the Maximo system on a day to day basis working with technical and business resources. This position requires someone who is able to work independently as well as in a team environment. We need someone who is experienced and self-motivated with excellent communication skills. The responsibilities, skills, and abilities we are looking for are described below. Key Responsibilities Include: Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures. Provide system performance optimization, maintenance and production support. Aid in the systems development process, including planning & monitoring systems development efforts, coordinating activities within other groups, reviewing deliverables and communicating to management. Understand customers’ business objectives and system requirements and work closely with customers to determine their strategic information requirements and measure performance against expectations. Assist in customer resolution. Define implementation activities and assign individual responsibilities; assume leadership role for implementation activities; coordinating implementation with other parts of the enterprise and provide routine status of activities to Project Mgr. or direct supervisor. Works under general management direction. Normally determines technical objectives of assignments. Exercises latitude in approach to problem and solution. Perform WebSphere administration, build/deploy EAR files, troubleshoot JVM issues and monitor application logs Perform system administration tasks to all Maximo 7.5 environments Apply Maximo patches Coordinate Unix and Windows patches with IT PMRs maintenance with IBM, i.e. coordinate and accomplish action items related to open PMRs Refresh all environments related to WebSphere, Maximo and Databases Troubleshoot application related technical issues Maintain Unix Cron Jobs Application configuration, Screen Changes, MIF configuration and Maximo security setup Perform data loads using MIF Perform system administration tasks to all Syclo Mobile environments Support infrastructure related issues for handheld, such as provide support for devices, syncing MDM, maintain Syclo licenses at the Agentry server, building devices and troubleshooting Serves as a liaison between business users and technical leads to resolve issues Single point of contact for all ITSM support and any unexpected production downtime Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Qualifications Basic: Bachelor’s Degree plus 6+ years of overall IT experience, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience. Preferred: At least 3 years of experience around following skills WebSphere Application Server Version 6 or higher IBM Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) Maximo 7.x and 7.5 data model and configuration SQL, PL/SQL programming skills Linux, Unix and Windows Server 2008 Oracle and SQL Server databases XML and Java Scripts Excellent communication skills, fluent in English Key AbbVie Competencies: Builds strong relationships with peers and cross functionally and with partners outside of team to enable higher performance. Learns fast, grasps the 'essence' and can change course quickly where indicated. Raises the bar and is never satisfied with the status quo. Creates a learning environment, open to suggestions and experimentation for improvement. Embraces the ideas of others, nurtures innovation and manages innovation to realty Position will be hired based on level of experience Significant Work Activities and Conditions Continuous sitting for prolonged periods (more than 2 consecutive hours in an 8 hour day) Job Classification : Experienced Job : INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Primary Location : USA-Illinois-Lake County Organization : GPO-Pharma Ops Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time 
company_name : AbbVie Underwriters Laboratories CVS Caremark Walgreens
city : Lake County, IL Northbrook, IL Northbrook, IL Deerfield, IL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      