job_id : 2165b26c3456c33d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Site Supervisor
start_date : 
description: Responsible for all aspects of supporting a 200 plus end user manufacturing environment as well as the accompanying data center and tech support for the PCs that run the production equipment. Candidate will also supervise an IT technician to help achieve a high level of customer satisfaction within the facility. This is a hands on, fast paced environment that requires critical thinking, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a strong technical skill set. This is a MS Windows environment with a commitment to virtualization using Hyper-V. Responsible for managing the planning, implementation, availability, performance, maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of the I.T. infrastructure at the site level. Responsible for the planning, implementation and maintenance, of data backup systems, media, and methodologies. Responsible for managing the site I.T. Operations staff. Responsible for advising and coordinating with site management the proper planning, design, acquisition, testing, implementation, performance, and documentation of the I.T. components of department, site and/or company level projects. Responsible for site-specific SOX 404 audits and goal deployment status reporting. Manage and maintain all aspects of the site I.T. infrastructure, resources and supporting documentation. This includes data center equipment and operations, hardware inventories, software licensing, applicable maintenance agreements, subscriptions, and service contracts while controlling costs. Ensure maximum uptime of all data center and critical production system related computers by planning, implementing and testing system redundancies, increased maintenance and the timely and effective troubleshooting and resolution of Operating System and hardware issues. Ensure high availability of data including managing all aspects of data backup. Responsible for resolving Local Area Network (LAN) issues where applicable and coordinating with the Network Manager regarding network or other infrastructure changes, improvements and Wide Area Network (WAN)/LAN issues. Act as the point of contact for IT related purchases including data center and end user hardware and software. Manage the site I.T. Operations personnel including setting goals and priorities, completing reviews, and developing skill sets. Manage the planning, documentation and implementation of the I.T. components of site specific and/or companywide projects or initiatives by advising and coordinating with the applicable functional leaders and/or teams. Maintain liaison and communications with all departments regarding system activities. Prioritize, schedule, review, and ensure the timely and complete resolution and documentation of site Help Desk system tickets. Assist with the development of Corporate IT Policies and Procedures when directed and ensure site level implementation and compliance. Assist subordinates in troubleshooting and support tasks when circumstances warrant. Perform and document Sarbanes-Oxley checks according to published schedules, policies and procedures. Perform and document Disaster Recovery drills for the site when directed. Support the I.T. Applications Development, Training/Audit and Network Staff, and the IT Operations staff of other sites to accomplish I.T. Department and Company goals. Maintain and promote awareness of new technology trends and practices. Assist in the design and maintenance of the Active Directory Schema and Group Policies while managing site specific User Accounts, Security and Distribution Groups and related change requests. Maintain professional appearance and a proactive, customer oriented attitude. Required Skills Previous IT experience within a manufacturing environment is a plus. HelpStar or other Help Desk management software experience. Ability to multi-task, think creatively and work proactively as part of a cross-functional team both within and outside of the I.T. department. Must be detail oriented, able to take direction and prioritize while multi-tasking. Must be flexible and able to adapt to a changing environment. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must possess a positive customer service attitude and skills. Required Experience Bachelor’s degree preferred. 5 years experience in maintenance, troubleshooting and resolving issues; with server and client hardware and operating systems and applications including Microsoft Active Directory, TCP/IP, file and print services, anti-virus and Microsoft Office. 2 - 3 years IT supervisory experience preferred. Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) or Microsoft Certified I.T. Professional (MCITP) preferred. Microsoft Exchange Server experience preferred. *LI-POST 
company_name : Ducommun Incorporated Saint Francis Hospital Primary Services Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.
city : Tulsa, OK Tulsa, OK Tulsa, OK Tulsa, OK
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      