job_id : 2da59d8e65009c40         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Computing Specialist
start_date : 
description: This opportunity will allow you to provide desktop problem resolution, consulting services, project support and hardware/software installations to Voya Investment Management staff. Major Accountabilities 1. Works with employees via phone or in person to resolve desktop issues. Manages workload, customer expectations and business priorities to achieve customer satisfaction. 2. Understands the business requirements and structures plans, processes, and procedures to address customer requests quickly and effectively. 3. Escalates problems as necessary and provides timely status until transferred or resolved. 4. Ensures the viability and usability of Distributed Computing products and services requested by the application area without compromising the infrastructure and ensures requested distributed computing products and services are appropriate for the customer business needs and within the scope of their budget. 5. Maintains effective working relationships with Engineering, Application Development, and Core Utility support staffs. Who is our ideal candidate? 1. At least 6 months previous training in a qualified course of study. 2. Computer Savvy & Systems Building – Ability to install, configure, debug and use Windows and MS Office. Understanding of PC Memory and Hardware/Software configurations to isolate problems. Familiarity with Microsoft IBM, Compaq, and HP support techniques would be helpful. Ability to translate user requirements into technical specifications that meet the business needs. Knowledge of product installation techniques (e.g., backups, ghost, etc.) to isolate and resolve problems. 3. Customer Focus - Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization. Communicates with customers, colleagues and fellow support organizations in a manner that builds effective working relationships. Interacts effectively at different levels with different audiences (e.g., IT and business customers). Skilled in negotiation and conflict resolution (with both internal and external customers). Provides professional, reliable and prompt customer service at all times. 4. Building Teamwork - Demonstrated ability to manage time and resources effectively to deliver the results expected by the customer. Uses resources effectively. Ability to work in a matrix environment and accept varying points of view. Ability to gain the trust and respect of their customers. 5. Leadership - Self-motivated to meet service objectives, identifying problem areas to management in a timely manner, and suggesting appropriate next steps. Adjusts well to new situations and changing priorities. Constantly demonstrates a positive attitude. 6. 20 hours minimum during college sessions. What else can we tell you? Our new facility in Windsor, CT is one of the largest office developments built in the Greater Hartford Area. The site is centrally located, has good highway access and plenty of room for on-site parking. In addition, there is a full-service cafeteria, an on-site fitness facility, and much more. The site is a smoke-free environment and business casual attire is currently the standard Voya is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to maintaining a diverse workforce. Our company has been recognized for many of our diversity practices: Perfect score in the Human Rights Campaign’s annual Corporate Equality Index for seven straight years (2007-2014). A World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere Institute (2014). Received a Catalyst Award that honors exceptional initiatives from companies that support and advance women in business. Diversity Inc. Noteworthy Top 25 Companies (2011) National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, Financial Services Diversity Corporation of the Year, 2011 Job sites have been another target for scammers. You should know: Voya will never ask you to pay a fee to become employed. We also provide all equipment to perform your job. Voya employees are then provided a password-protected site to provide personal information after they begin employment. All of our jobs can be viewed at our career web site at http://www.ing-usa.com/us/aboutING/careers/index.htm If you feel that you’ve been a victim of fraud, contact: Your local law enforcement officials. The Federal Trade Commission. ( http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/consumer.shtm ). The web site with the job posting in question. 
company_name : ING Financial Services Saint Francis Care Ellucian. Community Health Center, Inc.
city : Windsor, CT Hartford, CT Hartford, CT Middletown, CT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      