job_id : 2d9a927b4a4ead0f         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Hardware/Warranty repair, Networking, Installation/implementation, POS
start_date : 
description: PC Warranty Repair Technician/Install Technician -- Independent Contractor-- Compensated By Per Call Rate --- Mileage rates may apply Please apply to: Please apply at: URL: https://fs30.formsite.com/adammasmtechinfocom/form1/index.html ASM COMPUTER CONSULTING, INC. is seeking contractors, small businesses, to assume steady flow of call volume as Field Service Technicians immediately. Warranty Repair Technicians would be responsible for simple hardware replacement and onsite troubleshooting when necessary for OEMs and other Warranty Customers. A strong background working with Laptops of multiple vendors is a must. Field Service experience is a plus. Installation, implementation/POS experience helpful An ASM COMPUTER CONSULTING, INC. Field Service Technicians work independently, when servicing vendor client calls, in a specified area. Vendor and Client support is available to you, but you are not managed as an independent contractor. Your workflow depends on call volume supplied by our Vendors and Clients, and the service call's SLA requirements for client service are provided to you by ASM Computer via training and on work orders from Vendors. On-site Warranty/break fix repairs of desk tops, laptops, and peripherals. Advise customers in best practices (according to the appropriate vendor) of operation and maintenance of their equipment as needed. (minimal time spent advising customers of any processes not associated with hardware warranty replacement/installation. Software installation is out of scope for our service on hardware related activities. Software work will be specified as activity on work orders) Call Managers will monitor your call activity and will be available to receive all call process communication, and will communicate any vendor issues to you. Parts management will be the contractors responsibility. Pickup will be done when calls are assigned. Contractor tracks, and picks up parts from a central parts location (FedEx, UPS Store, Etc.). Contractor is then responsible for return of parts within One Business Day of call completion. Waybills are provided in box, or provided to return parts shipped without return waybills. Call closure will be done day of service through vendor system, and through contractor billing system. Vendor via phone in field, contractor via internet Customer Service is 51% of this position, it is extremely important. Contracts are continued based on customer surveys! Minimum Qualifications: Authorized United States work status. Must be familiar with the local area, and easily able to understand location of calls assigned. Must be immediately available for service. Reliable Transportation, and valid drivers license. Background Check and Drug Screen, failure by major violation within last 7 years. Must be able to carry and/or lift tools, kits or parts of up to 50-75 lbs. Excellent customer service skills and a desire to achieve high levels of customer satisfaction Ability to self-manage, contact customers via phone, route service calls for best customer service and efficiency. Some calls pre-scheduled, most you schedule independently with the client Ability to organize and prioritize service calls in consultation with Call manager in order to meet overall needs of our customers and Service Level Agreements. Ability to follow necessary documentation, call closure and parts tracking processes and procedures. Ability to document and maintain accurate time and mileage records, for call closure and contractor invoicing process Dell, IBM, HP, NCR, etc, certifications helpful, and will be required to perform as a Warranty Repair Technician, but will be provided as part of contractor position to meet OEM, Vendor requirements. You must maintain updated certifications as they become available, and you are made aware of them. If they are not maintained, you will not be allowed to take calls until they are brought up to current levels. Must have ONE of the following basic qualifications: A+ Certification 2 year (or greater) degree in electronics or computer technology High school diploma or GED with at least 2 years of PC hardware repair experience in a customer field environment. Previous military experience in an electronics related field. Please apply to: Please apply at: URL: https://fs30.formsite.com/adammasmtechinfocom/form1/index.html Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. About ASM Computer Consulting, Inc.: ASM COMPUTER CONSULTING, INC. provides POS installs, deployments, network installs, cabling, and many other services. We perform warranty repair work, service work, desk side support, and networking. We are a national service provider. 
company_name : Asm computer Supplemental Health Care Infinity Homecare Broward Health North
city : Pennsylvania New York, NY Tampa, FL Pompano Beach, FL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      