job_id : 340a4e548ba8ae04         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Helpdesk Technician
start_date : 
description: NCI: As a Helpdesk/Desktop Technician (Desktop Support Technician I), you will have a chance to work in a fast paced area where our proven record of providing excellent customer service using current processes are essential to the outcome of customer satisfaction. As part of the Help Desk Technician Team you will provide computer services for mission critical operations, personnel and systems. Your knowledge will be valuable; your expertise is essential. Highlights of Responsibilities Provide Hardware and Software installation, configuration and troubleshooting support for personal computers in a DoD classroom and office environment. Support Microsoft Windows environment. Provide accurate and timely logging of problems and resolution for problems in the Remedy management database. Respond to customer trouble calls with a professional and courteous manner. Provide problem resolution by taking initiative and acting independently. Provide effective written, phone and or in-person communications to customers concerning trouble status and resolution. Work within a DoD team environment, assisting other local sites as needed. Requirements Ability to troubleshoot Security + certification required )(Obtained within the within last 3 years). Minimum 3 years experience in a Help Desk/PC Support position. Must be able to pass a National Agency Check (US Citizenship required). Work experience using Remedy Help Desk Trouble Ticketing System. Basic understanding of network connectivity technologies. Work experience using Instant Restore Technology software/Smart Shield system. Must be able to physically lift and move approximately 50 pounds of computer equipment as needed Preferred Education and Experience Associate Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or related scientific discipline (additional two (2) years of applicable professional technical experience may be substituted for the Associates Degree requirement). facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, genetic characteristics, disability, veteran status or any other category afforded protection under applicable state or local law. The information above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within the classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position. 
company_name : NCI Information Systems, Inc.
city : Fort Lewis, WA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      