job_id : 3ae356f1824c0780         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Engineer, IT Operations & Support (IT, Software, SCCM, Altiris)
start_date : 
description: QVC is seeking a Desktop Engineer to join the IT Operations and Support organization. The selected candidate will be responsible for providing design and deploying, configuring and supporting desktop technologies in a distributed environment, including software distribution and patch management and building and deploying software packages to workstations. Provides administration support for software package development and configuration management. Researches and evaluates software and hardware technologies. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Strong Microsoft Systems Center Configuration (SCCM) knowledge and demonstrated technical proficiency with the full implementation, set-up and administration. Working knowledge of Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution. Strong knowledge of SQL databases and queries. Auditing of hardware/software inventory. Recommend and implement policies and standards and ensure adherence to security procedures. Provide mentoring and coaching to team members. Responsible for writing and maintaining procedural and design documentation. Analyze, optimize and integrate applications and services. Provide technical leadership to project teams. Provide expertise for numerous core Microsoft systems and enterprise infrastructure technologies. Ability to prioritize and plan. Tier III support with in-depth knowledge of desktop/application troubleshooting. Lead research and develop new technology, tools and scripts to support desktop computing and the end-user desktop experience. Extensive hands-on experience automating processes through scripting using VBScript and or PowerShell. Understanding of the Active Directory, Group Policy, Wise Package Studio, Windows Server Operating System, VMware ESX hardware and software packaging. Extensive knowledge of Windows operating system patching, enterprise class desktop hardware and software such as Windows 7, Mac OS X and antivirus. Remote management and troubleshooting, Asset management and inventory. Required Qualifications: 5-8 years of professional experience as a Desktop Management Engineer, providing Windows desktop application deployment solution and support in a large environment using Altiris and SCCM. Extensive knowledge and/or experience with standard software package and patch deployment methodologies, under standard change control processes within large size corporations. Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology-related field or documented equivalent experience. QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation attributed to the Liberty Interactive Group (Nasdaq: LINTA), is one of the largest multimedia retailers in the world. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 200 million homes worldwide. The company's website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. With operations in the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, Italy, and a joint venture in China, West Chester, Pa.-based QVC has shipped more than a billion packages in its 25+ year history. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. QVC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability or handicap, marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Philadelphia, PA, Wilmington, DE, Retail, Sales, Television, TV, Video, Production, Computer, IS, IT, Information Technology, Information Systems, System, Network, Hardware, Software, Microsoft, Help Desk, HelpDesk, Desktop, SCCM, Altiris, VMware, Mac, Troubleshoot, Support, Troubleshooting 
company_name : QVC Benchmark Group Partners, LLC Brooksource
city : West Chester, PA King of Prussia, PA Philadelphia, PA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      