job_id : 3da1b189e3f65170         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Technician
start_date : 
description: Quality Health Strategies is looking for a PC Technician for our busy IT department in Easton, Maryland. This is an entry level position responsible for installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure as well as serving as the central point of contact for the overall function and operation of the Help Desk. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Answers, evaluates, and prioritizes incoming telephone, voice mail, e-mail, and in-person requests for assistance from users experiencing problems with hardware, software, networking, and other computer-related technologies. Interviews user to collect information about problem; provides initial troubleshooting, resolves and follows-up user problems and/or dispatches technical staff, and refers complex problems to supervisor. Logs and tracks calls using problem management database, and maintains history records and related problem documentation ensuring service is provided in a timely manner. Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot end user workstation hardware, networked peripheral devices, and networking hardware products. Performs all duties associated with the user network account lifecycle, including setting up and maintaining groups for QHS associates, consultants, and external users. Responsible for developing, maintaining, and ensuring hardware, software, and software licensing inventory is current. Purchasing agent for all IT-related equipment, including follow up with vendors regarding issues related to defective products. Coordinates license maintenance and agreements to ensure compliance and accuracy. This position may require some night and/or weekend work on occasion. Required Skills Language Skills Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization. Mathematical Skills Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. Reasoning Ability Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Other Skills and Abilities Oral Communication - Speaks clearly; Listens to get clarification. Cost Consciousness - Works within approved budgetary guidelines; Implements cost saving measures in purchasing decisions. To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of office software and the internet to meet deliverables. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines. A working knowledge of copiers, printers, and faxes required. Required Experience The ideal candidate must have at least 3-6 months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Basic knowledge of Windows and comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Office is required. Ability to rapidly learn and develop proficiency with new applications. 
company_name : Quality Health Strategies Air Liquide HandyPro of Delmarva UMMC
city : Easton, MD Cambridge, MD Denton, MD Easton, MD
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      