job_id : 3dfe483a2c9bd780         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Support Technician
start_date : 
description: Summary: Provides Tier I support for all PC hardware/software for all supported Warren companies. Works closely with IT management, other staff, and outside vendors to ensure that personal computers are running optimally. Assists in identifying issues with systems as well as performing general maintenance and upgrade tasks. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. • Provides Tier I PC hardware support. • Provides problem determination and takes corrective action for PC hardware/software failures in a professional, timely manner. • Creates help tickets in ticket tracking software for all help requests. • Installs or assists service personnel in installation of hardware and peripheral components such as monitors, keyboards, printers, and disk drives. • Loads specified software packages such as operating systems, word processing, or spreadsheet programs into computer. • Responds to client inquiries concerning systems operation and diagnoses system hardware, software, and operator problems. • Recommends or performs minor remedial actions to correct problems. • Provides updates, status, and completion information to supervisor, problem request tracking system, and/or users, via voice mail, e-mail, or in-person communication. • Sets up new and replacement computers for all supported Warren companies Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibilities. Competencies: • Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem solving situations; Uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. • Customer Service - Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; Responds promptly to customer needs; Solicits customer feedback to improve service ; Responds to requests for service and assistance; Meets commitments. • Interpersonal Skills - Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; Maintains confidentiality; Listens to others without interrupting; Keeps emotions under control; Remains open to others' ideas and tries new things. • The candidate should be able to work both independently and in a team environment, and have good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Two (2) years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Skills: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Mathematical Skills: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Reasoning Ability: Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Computer Skills: Expert knowledge of Windows XP Pro, Windows Vista Pro, and Windows 7 Pro; working knowledge of productivity software such as MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint; and PC hardware diagnostic skills. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: Suggested: MCDST Other Qualifications: Some travel, off- hours maintenance, and extended hours support are required. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl and talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is occasionally exposed to high, precarious places and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet. Required Travel: Up to 10% EEO / AA Employer 
company_name : Warren Equipment Company Occidental Petroleum Medical Center Hospital ConocoPhillips
city : Midland, TX Midland, TX Odessa, TX Midland, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      