job_id : 3cc61fe16eb4dcae         
businesscategory_name : 
title : SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
start_date : 
description: Percent Time: 100% Type of Position Regular: A position which is considered essential for the effective long-term operation of the university. Persons appointed to this position will receive the privileges and benefits associated with regular employment status. Duties: Position Specific Summary This position will provide data programming and management support to clients of the Iowa Social Science Research Center. Responsibilities include programming surveys, ensuring the security and integrity of the data gathering process, data manipulation and preparation, and report preparation. Tasks that will be performed include planning, implementing, integrating, maintaining, and troubleshooting of various systems, and writing code or using vendor tools to create scripts, and configure applications or reports. Implementation (Installation, Configuration, Integration) Provide base-level security and configuration of backups for a small number of systems. Integrate systems through programming tasks. May write program code or use vendor tools to create scripts, configure applications, or reports. Support Assist with the support of multiple systems and storage devices. Provide on call coverage within specific areas of expertise. Assist with developing system scripts and programs to better manage and support systems. Analysis and Design Utilize systems requirements to assist design recommendations. Leadership/Staff Management/Financial Responsibility Contribute ideas. Seek ways to improve assigned processes. Relationship Management (Vendor/Customer) Manages customer relationships for multiple services and across the workgroup. Documentation Write documentation for moderately complex configurations. Configuration Management Knowledge of the process, tools and techniques for managing hardware, software, communications, facilities and personnel that provide the organization’s IT services. Server Hardware Knowledge of and experience with configuring, installing, and supporting of local and remote server hardware and connectivity components. Server Software Knowledge of and experience with configuring, installing, and supporting the functions, features and facilities of multi-user operating systems that manage network resources. Technical Troubleshooting Knowledge of approaches, tools and techniques for anticipating, recognizing, and resolving technical (hardware, software, application or operational) problems. Analytical Thinking Knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis and the ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems . Emerging Technologies Knowledge of emerging technologies (systems that are new to the organization as well as those that are new to the information systems industry). Hardware Installation and Support Knowledge of and experience with processes and practices for executing a hardware platform change with minimal disruption in service to the client. IT Systems Management Knowledge of the asset and process management practices, requirements, and support services for the IT function. IT Standards, Procedures, Policies Knowledge and ability to use and administer the organization’s technology practices, standards and procedures. Relationship Management Ability establish and build healthy working relationships and partnerships with colleagues within and external to own unit, those to whom services are provided, vendors, the public, regulatory/governmental agencies, etc., all of whom may be seen as “customers” or receivers of services provided by the University. Education Required: A Bachelor's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience is required. Experience Required: Experience (3-5 years) systems administration; performing planning, implementing, integrating, maintaining, and troubleshooting of systems, writing code or use of vendor tools to create scripts, and configure applications or reports Experience (1-3 years) programming consistent with current best practices. Demonstrated flexibility with multiple technologies, such as desktop software and/or developing web applications. Effectively communicate complex ideas to an audience of varying technical understanding. Desirable Qualifications: Knowledge of multiple programming languages (i.e. Javascript, Ruby, Python or PHP) and ability to shift between environments based on project needs. Familiarity with statistical software packages such as SAS, SPSS, and Stata. Knowledge or experience with WinCati software. Familiarity with University of Iowa data policies and procedures. Online Application Options Application Type: This job requires basic applicant information, plus a resume. Your resume should not be sent to the contact below. The resume will be attached during the Online Application Process. Cover Letter: A plain text cover letter is required. References: References must be filled out online during the application process, however, only professional references will be allowed. Number of References: 3 To start the Online Application process for this position, click the "Apply for This Position" button located below the Contact Information. Contact Information Attention: Your resume should not be sent to the contact below. The resume will be attached during the Online Application Process. Contact: Sarah M Banks Vrsh-Public Policy Center SOUTH QUADRANGLE 310 GRAND AVE S 209 SQ IOWA CITY, IA 52242 Department URL: http://ppc.uiowa.edu/careers 
company_name : The University of Iowa ACT The University of Iowa The University of Iowa
city : Iowa City, IA Iowa City, IA Iowa City, IA Iowa City, IA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      