job_id : 3e8a16b49bdc39d3         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Systems Auditor
start_date : 
description: Koniag Services, Inc. is looking for a full time Information Systems Auditor for our customer site in Tampa, FL. This is a direct, full time position with our company. This position will be contingent upon contract award. This position requires a Top Secret/SCI Clearance. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, and a PTO program. Provide Information Technology Security Systems Auditor support for the JCSE Enterprise to ensure network compliance with current network and operating system security measures as defined by DODIs and DISA regulations, Time Compliant Technical Orders (TCTO), objectives, policies and procedures. Maintain user access controls (physical, personnel, software and information security) using applicable security policies and regulations. Conduct risk analysis, security tests, and evaluations. Ensure DISA and DOD compliant Information Technology security system principles, auditor principles, methods and security products to protect and maintain the availability, integrity, confidentiality, and accountability of information system resources and information processed throughout the system’s lifecycle. Must possess a current active Top Secret/SCI Clearance. Essential Duties and Responsibilities : Continuously identify and analyze threats and vulnerabilities of the JCSE Enterprise to maintain an appropriate level of protection. Execute computer security plans, enforce mandatory access control techniques such as trusted routers, gateways, firewalls, or other methods of information systems protection and perform all necessary administrative functions pertaining to System Management Server (SMS), Shavlik, WSUS, POINTSEC, Retina, ACAS, HBSS, and Blue Coat Proxy Servers. Provide documentation and management support to the IA Cell responsible for developing and maintaining the JCSE IA program and identifies IA architecture, requirements, objectives and policies; IA workforce analyzes on a daily basis the IA processes and procedures necessary to provide an optimal Defense in Depth protection posture for the JCSE Enterprise. Prepare all security documentation for all JCSE networks to ensure they are certified and accredited per DoD instructions. Upon approval from the Designated Approving Authority (DAA), the contractor may perform duties as the Information Assurance Manager for JCSE. Provide guidance and recommendations to the Designated Approving Authority (DAA) on all security management and operations requirements. Provide Defense in Depth principles and technology in the form of security engineering designs and implementation strategies. Analyze existing and future systems, review security architectures, and develop engineering solutions that integrate information security requirements to proactively manage information protection. Responsible for applying security risk assessment methodology to systems development including assessing and auditing network penetration testing, antivirus deployment, and risk analysis. Conduct Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT) activities, including forensic analysis. Engineer and deploy network defense countermeasures such as anti-virus, anti-spam, and intrusion detection and prevention system solutions. Analyze IA security events including threat model development and resulting security risk analysis of systems. Review and assess information security event logs via sophisticated security information/event manager. Assess and mitigate system security threats/risks throughout all systems programmed lifecycle. Validate system security requirements definitions and analysis and review/approve systems security plans for enterprise-wide architectures. Maintain agency public key infrastructures for all systems implementations and security designs in hardware, software, data and procedures. Perform vulnerability assessments and penetration testing as needed and in accordance with established policies and procedures. Conduct certification and accreditation planning and testing. Perform IT security assessments and develop certification and accreditation plans for Federal Government Agencies. Provide technical, administrative direction, and review for Information Assurance (IA) and security controls. REQUIRED Education, Experience & Skills: This position requires a minimum of 8 years of experience with atleast 3 in information security. Demonstrate information assurance experience in certification and accreditation, IA systems evaluations, system security penetration testing, and IA security operations/network monitoring, Intrusion Detection Systems, Intrusion Prevention Systems, Security Information Management/Security Event Management, network mapping, vulnerability scanners, firewalls, routers and other security tools. Experience working on an information security incident response team (ISIRT). Current IAT II certification (GSEC or Security+ CE or SSCP) and a CISSP certification if appointed as the IAM.Working knowledge of public key infrastructure and encryption systems. Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment. The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at koniag.recruiter@koniag.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations. 
company_name : Koniag Inc. Spectrum  Koniag Inc.
city : Tampa, FL Macdill AFB, FL Tampa, FL Tampa, FL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      