job_id : 3edd799c2bf8c42a         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Computer Equipment Specialist II
start_date : 
description: The Computer Equipment Specialist will support a government client in Ft. Eustis, VA. The Computer Equipment Specialist shall support the U.S. Army Transportation Center, Network Enterprise Center Joint Base Langley-Eustis by providing information technology support services for the Network Enterprise Center. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) Receive tasks from the Remedy Action Request System (RARS), directly from the NEC managers, or from the on-call IT Service Desk contract employee. Create a RARS ticket for any work received directly from a manager or on-call contract employee by the first business day after the work is received. Enter tasks into the RARS to create a ticket that describes the work to be performed. Operate the Service Desk with Tier II systems support, to include providing on-site services for walk-in inquiries. Manage accounts on the RARS portion of assigned responsibility for the job; input all relevant work request data within the RARS, and coordinate as necessary with the customer to resolve the requested work. Provide problem resolution services in the areas of equipment maintenance, software and network infrastructure including remote access necessary to provide state-of-the-art performance that may include hardware and software installation and upgrades, troubleshooting, system configuration, and design and maintenance of databases. Serve as the Local Area Network (LAN) administrator for information technology and provides support for end users by installing hardware/software upgrades; providing general troubleshooting and problem solving, creating, implementing and documenting data backup and other functions to provide for an effective LAN. Provide support for trouble calls relating to NEC network system and personal computers. Respond to trouble calls, evaluate and analyze network, hardware and software. Provide and implements a solution that returns equipment to a fully operational state. Perform analytical, evaluation, management, and maintenance duties related to local network system components and personal computers (PC), software, peripherals and functionality of automated data processing and communications equipment. Provides and implements solutions to reported and discerned problems reported on this and related equipment/networks. Perform network management responsibilities to include on-site monitoring of systems workloads, system hardware component installation, configuration and operation. Manage network client accounts to include establishment and disestablishment of system and mail accounts. Non-Essential Duties: Other duties as assigned to meet business needs. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position does not have formal supervisory responsibilities. Diversity: Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; educates others on the value of diversity; promotes a harassment-free environment; builds a diverse workforce. Ethics: Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and ethically; upholds organizational values. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Work Environment : The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Minimum High School Diploma or GED required. Undergraduate degree preferred. Minimum 2 years of applicable professional experience is required. Security +and Windows 7 certifications are required. Windows Operation System certification is required and must be approved by the Department of the Army or Department of Defense. Microsoft or Cisco Network Certifications are highly desired, but not required. Must have a current Secret clearance. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to diagnose and correct operating system problems; build new systems by installing the Army Gold Master (AGM) approved operating system, baseline software applications, and required security patches; install encryption systems used to protect the data of portable systems such as laptops; and identify and install required drivers. Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Windows Server, Windows operating systems, Exchange Mail and Local Area Networks. Knowledge and experience with Microsoft operating systems such as Windows XP and Vista. Knowledge and experience of Active Directory, Group Policies, and Networks such that they can add systems or users, reset passwords, diagnose login problems, and identify the source of a problem as a group policy or network. Knowledge and experience with hardware such as personal computers (PCs), printers, scanners, plotters, modems, card readers, PDAs, and other peripherals. And able to diagnose and correct hardware problems, perform upgrades, and install new or replacement hardware. Knowledge and experience with desktop software included in AGM builds. This software includes, but is not limited to, Microsoft Office Professional, Microsoft Outlook, Adobe Acrobat Reader, ApproveIt, PureEdge Viewer, WinZip, Tumbleweed Desktop Validator, and Active Client. CES II shall be able to install the software and to diagnose and correct software problems. Knowledge and experience with scanning software such as Retina and STAT, and desktop support tools such as Scriptlogic and Desktop Authority. Job Administration Primary Location United States-Virginia-Fort Eustis Organization Chenega Advanced Solutions & Engineering Recruiter Laura Humphrey 
company_name : Chenega Corporation Jacobs Technology TEKsystems Ferguson Enterprises, Inc.
city : Fort Eustis, VA Hampton, VA Newport News, VA Newport News, VA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      