job_id : 3413df306afcf0e8         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Support Engineer
start_date : 
description: Are you looking for a great culture with people that really enjoy working together and are passionate about what they do? Check out ReadyCap as we pride ourselves on offering a top place to work! The Technical Support Engineer (TSE) will provide first line technical support; The TSE will troubleshoot problems, answer support queries via phone or email and assist with hardware and software problems. The TSE will maintain a high degree of customer service for all support queries and adhere to all service management principles. Summary of Essential Job Functions: Responsible for ensuring high quality help desk support to all users. Ensure users’ concerns are promptly addressed and problems effectively resolved. Maintains, upgrades, and repairs PCs and peripheral equipment. Loads and verifies software, tracks and resolves equipment problems, and completes licensing and inventory control functions. Ensures professional service at all levels of operation. Responsible for receiving and systematizing Company e-mail information from Internet and PC network messages. Provides support in the expansion of online products and promotes increased use of computer services through the Internet. Respond to inquiries from clients and help them resolve hardware or software problems in a timely manner. Allocate more complex calls to relevant second level IT Support member(s). Arrange for external technical support where problems cannot be resolved in house. Keep management aware of any problems that are severely impacting business operations or wide spread issues. Handles client password policy assistance and resets. Maintain status of issues and keep in continuous contact with the client and IT support personnel. Physically install/setup PC's, related hardware and software. Provide assistance in the maintenance of network equipment. Uses available resources to resolve incidents (people, tools and processes). Coordinates incident resolution and service request completion with various workgroups Software, Hardware, Connectivity fault diagnosis, analysis and First Touch Resolution, Software & Hardware Break fix - Desktop, Laptop, handheld devices. Completes hardware and software licensing functions and inventory management duties. Ensure the smooth running of all IT systems, including desktop and hosted services. Provide secure access to the network for internal and remote users. Scheduling upgrades and security backups of hardware and software systems. Ensures that problems are ticketed, tracked and resolved promptly and effectively. Obtains and conveys information as needed. Logs all problems including cause and resolution information. Under the supervision of management, handles other projects and duties as needed. Directs, assists, and supports area personnel and promotes a team environment. Keeps management well informed of area activities and maintains all related records. Assist management with the services and processes that support the core business the company. Ensure the company has the most suitable working environment for its employees and their activities. Notify management immediately of any deficiencies. Assist in the day-to-day operations. Desire and ability to stay current on new and changing technologies applicable to business needs. Strong technical analysis skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Diplomacy in dealing with associates. Excellent organization and time management skills. PC installations and maintenance are completed effectively and timely. Problems are readily identified and resolved. Assigned tasks and functions are completed in accordance with established standards, policies, and procedures. Required reports and documentation are complete and current. Management is appropriately informed of area activities and of any significant or recurring problems. Education and/or Experience: High School diploma; Bachelor’s degree a plus. MCP Certification required; A+, Network+ & Security+ SQL experience preferred, and a minimum 2+ years maintaining all aspects of systems or related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge of hardware and software installation, testing, and operation; knowledge of application of computer software for automating diverse agency activities. ReadyCap Commercial is a non-bank, direct portfolio lender offering financing for small balance commercial investment, conventional owner user, SBA 504, multifamily and bridge loan programs nationwide. Available financing ranges from $500,000 to $10 million. With concierge-like personal attention, ReadyCap is set apart by its credit decisions, processing speeds and common-sense, solution-oriented underwriting. We see lending differently! ReadyCap offers a full range of benefits, including competitive salary, comprehensive health plans to choose from including dental, vision coverage, company-paid life & disability insurance policies, business casual dress and a great culture! ReadyCap is an equal opportunity employer (EOE)! 
company_name : Readycap Commercial, LLC. HP Nutanix RichRelevance
city : New Providence, NJ New York, NY Newark, NJ New York, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      