job_id : 389e363ae3ad0aeb         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Technology
start_date : 
description: Overview: As a member of our Information Technology Department, you will join a dynamic team of dedicated individuals committed to delivering forward thinking solutions with a focus on continuous improvement. At UMASS Medical School IT we recognize and reward independent thought and innovative ideas. We have fostered an environment where the team dynamic is embraced and collaboration and FUN are core components of our culture! Due to our continued growth, we are seeking a dynamic Director of Network Operations Center that is an integral position within the IT Department. Reporting to the Associate Chief Information Officer of Infrastructure Services, this role will be responsible for teams involved in fault management and response, service and escalation management, development and maintenance of network security architecture, network implementation, and project execution. The ideal candidate for this position will be an advanced technical leader, who is results-oriented, process driven, and has a strong passion for service availability, ensuring both the success of the ongoing operations, as well as meeting the demands of rigorous SLAs. The Director of Network Operations Center will be responsible for delivering both the strategic and tactical structure needed to support and operate a high volume, high-transaction, dynamic 24/7/365 NOC environment. The Director of Network Operations Center will also responsible for leading the frontline Network Operations Center, which encompasses 24/7/365 WAN/LAN, Systems and Application Monitoring. Responsibilities: The following competencies are essential: Responsible for recommending, developing and implementing new or additional Network solutions as appropriate for the organization and customers Development and maintenance of the network security architecture, technology patterns and roadmap priority used in the delivery of Enterprise Network services Enforcement of network security architecture and best practices design, implementation and operational standards Development and evolution of the network trust model and standards (wired and wireless network, mobile, Cloud, network virtualization, etc.) Assessment of proposed application and/or infrastructure design specifications to ensure alignment with security architecture, standards, patterns and industry best practice Collaborate with other architects and product stewards to effectively apply security principles as part of the design process, approving security configuration and installation of the overall solution Determine security requirements by evaluating business strategies and needs; researching information security standards; studying architecture/platform; identifying integration issues; preparing cost estimates and business cases Develop and report on metrics for the performance of the NOC Deliver constant improvement in real-time identification and resolution of real-time problems; brings a deep attention to process, training and actions necessary to support cutting time off of outages and issue detection, response and recovery Implement and enforce industry standards and best practices within the Network Operations Center. Act as the escalation point from customers, compiling supporting data, and reporting back to customers. Identify areas for process, quality and efficiency improvement within the NOC; recommend prioritized enhancements with supporting details to Change Control Board and oversees implementation Ensure processes and procedures (e.g. reporting, patches, updates, call answering/handling, and training) are in place to support scalable growth Create, implement, and manage an on-boarding and off-boarding process for all customers and business partners Conduct regularly scheduled meetings with NOC team to review performance against SLAs Regularly review monitoring systems to ensure accuracy and to identify needs and trends for support issues. Ensure adequate coverage for 24/7/365 environment so that the network infrastructure is running effectively at all times which includes continuous monitoring of all services, and ensuring that every reasonable effort is made to restore service as quickly as possible in the event of an outage. Ensure department meets very aggressive network availability and ticket handling objectives. Develop, refine, and document NOC policies, processes, procedures, and associated systems requirements and drive their implementation and use. Ensure department is meeting all Security Compliance requirements Promote and ensure compliance with professional standards, industry standards for technology development, and UMMS policies and procedures Qualifications: Qualifications: Bachelor?s degree in an Information Technology, Information Security discipline, or equivalent experience and 10 years of progressive networking technology experience are essential. Must have 4 years of experience as a security architect or principle engineer, focused on network security in a large enterprise as well as 4 years managing teams of engineers responsible for operating high volume, high availability networks. Must also have experience with IT control frameworks such as COBIT, TCP/IP networking knowledge and VoIP technology exposure, including SIP, H323 and softphone knowledge, and management experience in customer implementation, network operations, IP operations, IP engineering, and IP architecture fields. Must be able to manage multiple, complex projects simultaneously and demonstrate strong verbal and written communication competence, including demonstrated experience in presentation to diverse audiences up to executive level. Top-level IT industry security or control certifications such as CISSP, CRISC or CISM are beneficial. Additional Information: Why Join UMass Medical School? The University of Massachusetts Medical School (UMMS) offers a very competitive compensation and benefits package including four weeks paid vacation, free tuition at any Massachusetts state school, a robust and affordable variety of health and dental plans, participation in the state retirement plan, and a rewarding environment driven by distinctive work in progressive education and research. If challenging and competitive work in a fast paced environment appeal to you, consider sharing your talents with one of the fastest growing academic health centers in the country. Ranked 5th in primary-care education and 48th in research among the United States' 125 medical schools in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report annual guide, "America?s Best Graduate Schools,? UMMS is also a world recognized research center. Beyond its core mission of distinction in health sciences education, UMMS has exploded onto the national and international scene as a major center for research with UMMS researchers making pivotal advances in HIV, cancer, diabetes, genetic disorders, infectious disease and in understanding the molecular basis of disease. UMass Medical School is committed to being an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and recognizes the power of a diverse community. We encourage applications from protected veterans, individuals with disabilities and those with varied experiences, perspectives and backgrounds to consider UMass Medical School as their employer of choice. Review of applications will begin immediately and the position will remain open until filled. Find Similar Jobs By Searching On These Words: Information, technology, network, operations, Director 
company_name : Commonwealth of Massachusetts Dell HealthAlliance Hospital Reliant Medical Group
city : Shrewsbury, MA Worcester, MA Leominster, MA Worcester, MA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      