job_id : 396a9d087e4d57c8         
businesscategory_name : 
title : System Administrator I
start_date : 
description: About DMI DMI is a leading provider of mobile enterprise solutions and services, including mobile strategy, mobile UX and app solutions, omni-channel commerce, mobile brand and marketing, big data management and analytics, and secure mobile device, app and data management. The company’s commitment to excellence in service delivery has resulted in dramatic growth and an expanding client base that includes hundreds of Fortune 1000 commercial clients and all fifteen U.S. Federal Departments. DMI is headquartered in Bethesda, MD, with satellite offices all around the world. The company has been named one of the Top 2014 Workplaces in the Washington DC area by the Washington Post, and has been awarded Inc. Magazine’s Hire Power Award as one of the top 100 Private Job Creators in the US. Additional information is available at www.dminc.com . Careers at DMI About the Opportunity Digital Management, Inc. (DMI) is seeking a full time System Administrator to provide support for a Defense Information Systems Agency customer at DISA headquarters in Fort Meade, MD. Must be open to daytime shift work. Responsibilities: Provide technical expertise and guidance in support of the sustainment of the Operational Support System (OSS) Maintain continued system performance and stability Follow strict procedures to ensure integrity of the OSS Identify enhancements and improvements to the OSS systems and/or sustainment processes to improve efficiency and overall data integrity of the OSS Maintain all network and system architecture and design documents in accordance with set Standard Operating Procedures Provide assistance in the procurement of components and services to support system maintenance, implementation and operation Evaluate and recommend hardware and protocol alternatives to be used in the customer systems architecture Support Information Assurance personnel to assure security architecture, design, and implementation is in accordance with DoD Regulations Education and Years of Experience: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience DOD 8570 Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level II compliant Secret Clearance Required Required Skills/Certifications: 3+ years designing, implementing and maintaining Windows Server 2003, Solaris 10 systems, or Unix systems Desired Skills/Certifications: ITIL v3 Foundation Certification Sun Certified Solaris Administrator Advanced proficiency in the Solaris operating system Advanced proficiency in the Windows Server operating system Excellent written and verbal communication skills and client focus a must Ability to work in a large team environment with other SMEs of different technical backgrounds Microsoft Certified System Administrator or Microsoft Certified IT Professional - Server Administration Working knowledge of OSSs and its components such as Network Fault and Performance Management, Change and Configuration Management, Trouble Ticketing Systems, Enterprise Dashboarding, Data Integration and Reporting Proficiency in industry standard desktop applications especially Microsoft Visio, Office and specialized architecting tools such as SPARX Enterprise Architect Advanced proficiency in scripting languages especially PERL, Javascript, TKL, and UNIX Shell Scripting Physical Requirement(s): N/A Additional Requirements: Active DoD Secret Clearance Secret Clearance Required Must be open to daytime shift work. Location: DISA HQ - Fort Meade, MD Working at DMI DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. We provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. Every employee is valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Male/Female/Veterans/Disability. ***************** No Agencies Please ***************** Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions. 
company_name : Digital Management, Inc. ManTech International Corporation General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems World Wide Technology, Inc.
city : Fort Meade, MD Fort Meade, MD Annapolis Junction, MD Fort Meade, MD
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      