job_id : 329fe6f08e33e50b         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Technology Professionals
start_date : 
description: Provides leadership and technical expertise in the development of the enterprise data warehouse; directs the systems development process, including planning and monitoring development efforts, reviewing deliverables and communicating to management; ensures users' effective, accurate and easy access to data; translates users information requirements into system specifications. Essential Responsibilities Participates on multiple, cross-functional IT Project Teams, including application project teams, infrastructure and integration of acquisition applications, and corporate initiatives. Defines detailed functional and technical specifications required to satisfy business requirements for programs, projects, and releases Collects, verifies and documents application technical procedures and standards. Collaborate with other teams to align application architecture and Infrastructure initiatives. Serves as a technical software advisor and/or decision maker to provide long range global application architecture Grow Your Career with GE Capital Solutions: GE Capital Solutions is a growing and dynamic business. We are looking for top talent to take our business to the next level. We may not have a specific job for you today, but are interested in your expertise for tomorrow. We're looking for experienced people, and we offer opportunities around the globe. As actual openings become available, you may be contacted to discuss a potential opportunity. We also encourage you to visit our website at www.gecareers.com and sign up for a job agent so you can receive information on specific positions that match your interests Qualifications/Requirements Basic Requirements: Bachelor's Degree with 7+ years IT experience. 4+ years experience in data warehousing. 7+ years experience in relational data warehousing design. Eligibility Requirements: Must submit your application for employment through COS (internal candidates) or www.gecareers.com (external candidates) to be considered for this job opening. Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening Must be willing to comply with pre-employment screening, including but not limited to, drug testing, reference verification and background check. Must be willing to travel 10% of the time. Must be willing to work out of an office in Norwalk, CT. Additional Eligibility Qualifications GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. Desired Characteristics Experience with the latest technologies. Experience in analyzing source system, data flows, and delivering data architecture designs. 3+ years experience in data warehousing. 5+ years experience in relational data warehousing design. Experience in normalized and dimensional logical modeling. Experience in analyzing source system, data flows, and delivering data architecture designs. Possesses SQL skills Section 19 Job YOU MUST BE ABLE TO SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 19 OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT. 
company_name : GE Belmont Metals Citi PwC
city : New York, NY Brooklyn, NY New York, NY New York, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      