job_id : 4294a4951e687c30         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Services Support Engineer
start_date : 
description: Overview: Responsible for configuring, deploying and supporting technologies used by the firm’s lawyers and staff in client work and office administration. The Engineer provides timely and effective assistance in the introduction and day to day use of technologies – to include problem solving support. Responsibilities: Performs setup and installation of computers, monitors, printers, telephony and other office automation IT. This includes installation of software ‘images’ and updates. Provide lawyers and staff with guidance in the effective use of office automation IT (provides input to the IT and Training departments, and Help Desk service, for the development of education and help guide reference materials). Educates attorneys and staff in the use of the firm’s Help Desk Service. Supports the firm goal of having the Help Desk provide as much ‘single point of service’ as is possible to attorneys and staff – to include creation of knowledge libraries, and evolution of firm policies and practices to enable the Help Desk to optimize their service capabilities. Troubleshoots and resolves problems escalated to the office IT team member by the Help Desk service, from lawyers and staff or other members of the IT department. Reviews, acts on and updates statuses of service request assignments in the firm’s ‘ticket tracking system in a timely manner. Escalates issues to IT department or vendor support experts as appropriate, documenting the same in the firm’s service ticket tracking system. Emphasis on tending to high priority tickets, such as a users’ hardware failure. Works with the firm’s IT engineers to maintain and evolve IT infrastructure resident in the practice office (to include video technology, telephony, servers, switches and routers, local wired and non wired network IT). Repairs computers and office automation IT not otherwise managed by third party service providers. Assures third parties are fully engaged in the delivery of all services contracted for, and that service support and problem resolution meets service level agreements. Provides lawyers and staff with timely updates during service resolution. Identifies alternative means for them to deliver services to firm clients. Manages the inventory, upkeep and distribution of ‘loaner technology’ inventory. Replaces hard drives with faster SSD drives/RAM whenever necessary. Maintains IT assets inventory and repair logs. Provides input to IT management identifying way technology and department services can more effectively support the firm’s delivery of cost effective and high quality services to clients. Assures supporting technologies meet attorney needs, are maintained and in working condition. Proactively works with the office and IT leadership team to evaluate new technologies, and to maintain and upgrade technologies present in the office. Participates in firm business process improvement initiatives utilizing IT, involving attorney and staff to assure their needs and interfaces are appropriately factored into technology selections or systems development. Participates in firm IT deployment projects, either as a team member or initiative leader. Performs other office supporting responsibilities defined by the office administrative and IT department leaders. These responsibilities may vary by office, to include facilities support, office administrative management, business continuity support and office security services and systems. Understand firm and IT information security, technology acquisition and administration policies and best practices. Works with leadership, attorneys and staff assure compliance with policies and practices to protect firm and client information confidentiality and information systems performance and reliability. Identifies technology use training needs of attorneys and staff, and works with the firm’s Training team to develop course materials and self help reference information resources. Qualifications and Working Environment: Supervisory Responsibilities This position has no supervisory responsibilities. Firm Relationships This position interacts with lawyers, administrative staff and other members of the technology department. This position interacts with third party services organizations retained by the firm. Job Standards To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The individual must be available to work in the office during the service support hours established by the office and IT leadership. Work outside the office or standard work day is to be discussed and approved in advance by firm leadership. The role may require travel to other firm work locations; however, travel may be associated with direct office support, project participation, or training opportunities. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions . Education/Certification A+ Certification preferred. High school diploma or GED required. Certifications in PC hardware and operating systems, local area networks, Microsoft Office software highly desired. Bachelors or Associates degree preferred. Experience 1-3 years related technical experience, with law firm business environment and end user interaction preferred. Skills and Abilities Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving abilities Strong work tasks organization, attention to detail and multi-tasking skills Strong customer service skill set, with a Professional, team and results oriented work style and attitude Good end user support verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated interest in the business of the firm and how technology can best be employed in delivering high quality and timely services to clients. Hardware/Software/Communications/Audio Visual Technologies Knowledge Working knowledge of PC hardware and operating systems, and other office automation IT. Familiar with handheld/mobile technology, the ability to integrate approved mobile technology with firm wireless network services. The ability to activate wireless accounts and devices, integrate firm services with approved personal devices/accounts, and the ability to educate attorneys and staff in basic use. Experience with the Microsoft Office suite of software, and other law firm software tools, such as document management, formatting templates, editing, metadata removal and comparison tools. Basic understanding of remote information systems access tools such as Citrix, VPN and Outlook Web Access. Basic understanding of LAN topology, with some exposure to cable management. Ability to schedule and initiate meetings incorporating audio visual and video conferencing technologies within the firm and with outside parties. Supports the installation of other specialized information tools of the firm, including IT used in litigation support, paralegal work and business development. Success Factors Personal characteristics that contribute to success in this position are as follows: strong work ethic and personal integrity; high degree of attention to detail; ability to effectively work in a team environment; responsive to lawyer and staff client services needs; ability to communicate technology concepts in terms non technologists can understand; ability to maintain confidential information. Physical Environment and Working Conditions The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, temperature and the like. Position requires frequent sitting and some reaching, kneeling and walking. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to walk; sit; use hands; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40 pounds. The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of essential functions, responsibilities or requirements. 
company_name : McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP CACI International Inc Bureau of Naval Personnel UC San Diego Health System
city : San Diego, CA San Diego, CA San Diego, CA San Diego, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      