job_id : 4532eea6601b50aa         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Analyst - Intermediate
start_date : 
description: Requisition ID : 14016640 Business Sector : Information Systems Location : United States-Maryland-Aberdeen US Citizenship Required for this Position : Yes Relocation Assistance : No relocation assistance available Clearance Type : Secret Number of Openings : 1 Shift : 1st Shift Description Are you looking for a rewarding and challenging career as a System's Analyst - Intermediate with one of the nation's leading Defense Contractors? If so, then Northrop Grumman may be the employer for you! We are currently seeking a System's Analyst - Intermediate to support the CECOM Software Engineering Center COMM Directorate. COMM is responsible for providing software life cycle support solutions and services for Satellite Communication systems that enable the Warfighting superiority and information dominance across the Battlefield. COMM provides System and software engineering and sustainment support for Army Program Executive Officers (PEOs), Project Managers(PMs), Product Developers (PD), Headquarters Dept of the Army (HQDA) and its components. Roles and Responsibilities will include: Establishing complex operational databases, software configuration control and system interfaces for computer system(s) assigned. Maintaining file servers, network access, documenting, analyzing, and troubleshooting system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance. May supervise less experienced systems personnel. Preparing system for operational use and overseeing tests. Interacting with system users to translate their requirements into systems, hardware, and software requirements and design. Participating in the development of test strategies. Solving system analysis problems (or managing the solution of system analysis problems) in the functional area to which assigned. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electronics Engineering or other Engineering or Technical discipline as well as 5+ years of systems analysis experience. 2+ years of SATCOM Domain experience. Secret security clearance. Preferred Qualifications: Familiar with AMC / CECOM / SEC policies, procedures and workforce. Possess knowledge of and have practical experience developing software for DOD programs subject to the DOD acquisition process. Northrop Grumman Corporation is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products, and solutions in unmanned systems, cybersecurity, C4ISR, and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide. Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 
company_name : Northrop Grumman Sotera Defense Solutions, Inc. ManTech International Corporation JPMorgan Chase
city : Aberdeen, MD Aberdeen, MD Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Newark, DE
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      