job_id : 4856a7e18f23b7c5         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk/Support Specialist
start_date : 
description: Morfologica, Inc. is seeking several Help Desk/Support Specialist who are willing to support established software development teams at various Federal Facilities throughout Northern Virginia. Qualified candidates must have prior experience in providing total customer support for all issues relating to IT and IS services for a particular customer. Candidates must have experience is providing technical assistance to computer system users, including the use of computer hardware and software, printing, installation, word-processing, electronic mail, and operating systems. Candidates must be comfortable maintaining a service perspective including an understanding of relationships, dependencies and requirements of hardware and software components and the organizations that support them. ONLY CANDIDATES WITH ACTIVE GOVERNMENT SECURITY CLEARANCES AND APPROPRIATE POLY WILL BE CONSIDERED. Candidates must have at least 10 years of Help Desk/Support Specialist Some of the Responsibilities: Answer users' inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation to resolve problems. Approve, schedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new products and improvements to computer systems such as the installation of new databases. Coordinate deployment of workstation software, communications services and equipment, server replacements and upgrades, and other IT changes at the field location. Develop standards and guidelines to guide the use and acquisition of software and to protect vulnerable information. Enter commands and observe system functioning to verify correct operations and detect errors. Escalate incident reports to required groups and monitor as defined in SLA. Specify users and user access levels for each segment of database. Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications. Maintain record of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities. Oversee the daily performance of computer systems. Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguard information in computer files against accidental or unauthorized damage, modification or disclosure. Read technical manuals, confer with users, and conduct computer diagnostics to Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software. Train users and answer questions. Candidates with fewer years of experience may also be considered depending on background. Morfologica, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
company_name : Morfologica CACI International Inc Wood Consulting Secure Technologies Group
city : Reston, VA Chantilly, VA Reston, VA Reston, VA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      