job_id : 4361d71647dc0f25         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Supervisor, IT Systems (San Diego, CA)
start_date : 
description: Statement: This position is responsible for overall supervision of the Information Technology (IT) staff at the Center for Communications Research in La Jolla and for its IT operation, maintenance, improvement and information/systems security. Job Scope: Direct supervision of 6 exempt positions. Responsibilities: Primary Responsibilities: 1. Supervision of IT staff: - Assigns projects and oversees their completion. - Hires new staff. - Mentors employees and evaluates job performance. - Counsels IT staff on professional and career development. 2. Operation of IT systems: - Supervises hardware installation and maintenance and software installation, patches and upgrades - Ensures that appropriate documentation is created and maintained. - Ensures that users get the support and help needed. - Develops disaster recovery procedures and responds to system failures. 3. Security of IT systems: -Coordinates with ISSO and security officer on requirements of sponsors. - Directs configuration and change management including audit activities. - Ensures that required system accreditations are accomplished. 4. System acquisition and disposition: - Interacts with management and research staff on systems requirements. - Evaluates vendors and products/services being considered. - Ensures that budgets are adhered to. - Supervises decommissioning of old systems. 5. Performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Minimum Job Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science / related area of study. Experience: Minimum ten years of experience inclusive of five years in system administration with significant exposure to both Linux and Windows and five years in IT management. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: U.S. Citizenship Required. Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret security clearance. Ability to obtain and maintain required IT security certifications Familiarity with the process of obtaining certification and accreditation of information systems. Experience managing IT or Information Security projects and teams. Self-motivation and able to work with minimal supervision. Excellent written and oral communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with all levels of employees. IDA is an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
company_name : Institute for Defense Analyses INDUS Technology, Inc. Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. ADT Security Services
city : California San Diego, CA San Diego, CA San Diego, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      