job_id : 407e91f7c6283fd7         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator
start_date : 
description: EMCOR Construction Services manages the construction services arm of EMCOR Group, a Fortune 500 company. The EMCOR Construction Services team in McLean, VA provides functional leadership for finance and accounting, human resources, legal, and information technology supporting approximately 40 highly decentralized mechanical and electrical operating companies which are based across the U.S. IT is a service-oriented function providing a resource for operating companies. It enables the development and operation of cost-effective applications and services for which separate operating companies do not have the expertise or economy of scale to develop in a cost-efficient manner. The operating companies function as autonomous independent businesses, with EMCOR Construction Services providing services. The overall mission of EMCOR Construction Services is to support the operating companies to be successful, ensuring good business practices and that the operating companies are compliant with applicable EMCOR policies and procedures and public company requirements. EMCOR Construction Services has recently begun a substantial multi-year project to provide a partially standardized centrally hosted ERP ( Enterprise Resource Planning) software package to the operating companies. The ERP Project will be engineered, managed, and supported through EMCOR Construction Services. The Systems Administrator will manage and support key information technology processes and provide support as needed to senior management and users of the operating companies. In addition, this position will participate in monitoring and support of centralized hosted services for the ERP Project. The Systems Administrator position reports to the IT Manager. Responsibilities ERP Project Support - This position is responsible for monitoring and support of centralized hosted services in support of the ERP Project. Key areas of focus and responsibilities include: Monitor hardware. Day to day management and monitoring of VMware environment. Server operating system monitoring, management, and updates. Management and monitoring of the Citrix environment. Work with local or outsourced IT staff at OpCos to complete hosted services IT prerequisites, including domain consolidation. OpCO IT Support - This position manages and supports key information technology processes and provides support as needed to the senior management of operating companies. Key areas of focus and responsibilities include: Perform Environment Assessments and work with IT Manager to develop recommendations to operating companies to promote continuity across the organizations and ensure secure and healthy IT environments. Work onsite at OpCos to perform major projects and upgrades. Conduct tests of operating company Business Continuity Plans to ensure functioning of data processing and security measures in the event of a disaster. Assist OpCo IT staff with maintenance of systems, programs, and systems software to meet the organizations information needs. Provide Tier 2 and 3 Help Desk Support and high-level problem resolution to operating companies to supplement local and outsourced IT staff. Escalate trouble tickets as needed. Work with local or outsourced IT staff and OpCo management to execute tests of Business Continuity Plans. Required Experience Five ( 5) years of progressive IT experience, including at least three ( 3) years of experience working across Windows server and desktop platforms. At least two ( 2) years of experience participating in the management of complex IT projects. At least one ( 1) year of experience working with VMWare vSphere 5.x clusters. Advanced knowledge of Virtual Application Delivery – Citrix XenApp, XenDesktop, Hyper-V Remote App, etc. Knowledge of complex Active Directory environments. Understanding of Business Continuity Planning, data backup and retention best practices, and data replication. Experience with Microsoft DNS, DHCP, File and Print Services, Group Policy, iSCSI, NFS, NAS, CIFS Preferred Experience MCSA ( Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator) a plus Working knowledge of Windows Server 2012/R2 Citrix XenApp or XenDesktop experience Experience with administration, management, and monitoring of SQL server Knowledge of Windows PowerShell scripting Familiarity with NetApp, Dell EqualLogic or other storage platforms Symantec Backup Exec, Veeam, or Acronis Backup Management of Microsoft DFS ( Distributed File System), data replication, and Namespaces Flexible Schedule Required – Some weekend and evening hours Travel Required – Up to 50% 
company_name : Bahnson Environmental Specialties Northrop Grumman Defense Point Security Array Information Technology
city : McLean, VA McLean, VA Springfield, VA Greenbelt, MD
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      