job_id : 491b6b09b315b08e         
businesscategory_name : 
title : CBD - PGP - Field Service Technician - Part-time - Ithaca, NY
start_date : 
description: Procter & Gamble Professional is seeking a highly motivated individual to work flexible hours as a part-time Field Service Technician. The Field Service Technician is responsible for technical support on the service and equipment side of our programs for various types of customers such as, national and regional food service, quick and full serve restaurants, hotels, and retail stores. They are also accountable for in-store activities which include, but are not limited to: installation and remodels of equipment that support our cleaning programs, re-active and pro-active service to our equipment. This role is part-time with working hours targeted at less than 1000 total hours during a 12-month period. In order to perform the work described above, all applicants should: Have and be able to display: Being able to work well with others Ability to use appropriate technology for your position (i.e. handheld computer, phone) Work may involve crawling under sink areas to install equipment, which may require bending at the waist/knees and squatting frequently Tolerate exposure to store and warehouse conditions including wide variances in temperature, dust and dirt Be able to do the following, with or without reasonable accommodation: Must be available up to 5 days per week Candidates must be able to lift 40-50 pounds Spend approximately 30% of the day in car traveling to and from accounts safely in city, rural and expressway conditions It's preferred that candidates live within 25 miles of (City, State). Qualifications All candidates must have a valid driver's license, a reliable car, and must provide proof of insurance. Procter & Gamble is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No immigration sponsorship is available for this position . Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for permanent residency except in some areas that in Procter & Gamble's sole discretion require highly specialized backgrounds. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Job Sales/Customer Business Development Primary Location US-New York-Ithaca Schedule Part-time 
company_name : Procter & Gamble
city : Ithaca, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      