job_id : 450b30bd4abc7523         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Helpdesk Analyst
start_date : 
description: Job Description: Constantly growing in response to the needs of our customers in all sectors and verticals, SHI has transformed itself from a $1 million "software-only" regional reseller into a $5 billion+ global provider of information technology products and services. From software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, IT asset management and cloud computing, SHI offers custom IT solutions for every aspect of your environment. SHI is seeking a full time Helpdesk Analyst to work onsite at our growing regional office and call center in Austin, TX. We are looking for someone with excellent customer service skills, good working knowledge of computer systems, and a genuine interest in a technical support career. Primary responsibilities will be troubleshooting problems and incidents for the Austin and remote end-user base, maintenance and deployment of desktop/laptop computers, telephones, network printers and mobile phones, and assist in monitoring and maintaining the network and telephone system infrastructure with links back to corporate headquarters in the northeast. Candidate must also possess a genuine interest in a technical support services career. On-the-job training will be provided but the successful candidate will also be expected to learn quickly through independent study. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: o Provide first line response for desk side and remote users requiring assistance with information technology issues and problems within SHI. Respond to requests for technical assistance by phone, email, or using the helpdesk management system. o Enter and manage all incidents and problems via incident management system and act as a liaison between customers and technical escalation teams o Provide basic application support and troubleshooting including but not limited to Microsoft Office Applications, Internet Explorer, Terminal Services clients, various in-house applications, Antivirus, etc. o Energetically follow-up on open incidents and problems and provide status updates and feedback to end users while problems are being investigated o Image/deploy PC’s and move telephones, desktops, network printers, and peripherals as necessary o Troubleshoot basic phone problems (i.e. cord replacement or dial permissions) o Troubleshoot local and remote end-user computer, LAN, WLAN, mobile device, and network printer problems o Coordinate troubleshooting repairs with Austin and NJ IT support o Train and orient staff on the basic use of hardware and software o Recommend and perform system upgrades when necessary o Assist with recordkeeping and Asset management (hardware and software inventory, incident and problem reporting) Job Requirements: o An aptitude and interest in developing in-depth knowledge of SHI computer systems and related technologies o Working knowledge of various Microsoft Operating Systems and applications such as Windows XP-7-8, Windows Server 2003-2008, Microsoft Office 2010, CRM, SharePoint. o Working knowledge of Desktop and Laptop hardware, configuring and maintaining various models. o Detail oriented ability to identify and troubleshoot problems efficiently. o Customer Service-Service desk, Incident Management or problem Management skills a plus EOE M/F Req. Code : HATX2014 Skills : Information Technology - > Software Installation/Configuration, Helpdesk, Hardware Troubleshooting, User Support Skills Hire Type : Direct 
company_name : SHI International Corporation Dept of State Health Services Texas Department of Transportation Electronic Arts
city : Austin, TX Austin, TX Austin, TX Austin, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      