job_id : 472a4ed16fe7a752         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support Technician I
start_date : 
description: Essential Job Responsibilities: This position is responsible for desktop support of all hardware and software related to computer equipment. This individual can expect to spend their time investigating problems, logging updates into a database ticketing system, answering questions related to open tickets, resolving problems for users, communicating information to users proactively, troubleshooting and resolving computer software and hardware problems. This support is conducted in person, verbally over the phone, via email or thru a remote connection.  Handles all assigned technical support calls in a timely manner and enters all updates related to such calls to the centralized Help Desk database.  Provides first and second level of technical support for all corporate systems and software components.  Escalate all issues to management as needed.  Participates in all activities for implementing and rollout of new or existing systems and applications for the user community.  Assists in training of the user community on systems and applications.  Involved in post-implementation support and maintenance.  Involved in testing equipment which can include documenting, benchmark testing.  Provide management accurate timelines, progress reports and recommendations related to open ticket status and assigned projects.  Professional attitude and work habits.  Assist in improving workflow, processes and procedures with management.  Enhance technical expertise through education, project assignments and professional activities.  Additional duties as assigned. Qualifications:  Minimum 2 years installing and configuring Operating Systems, Drivers, MS Office and other business applications.  Minimum 2 years in knowledge, administration and support of Microsoft Win7/Win8 Operating Systems.  Troubleshooting Network Printers, drivers, connectivity, spooler errors, etc.  Experience with building laptop and desktop images with SCCM 2012 R2 or similar product.  Excellent professional telephone (oral, English language) communication.  Excellent comprehension (IT technical and/or general) of verbal (English Language) and written (English Language) instructions, processes, procedures and policy.  Good time management, ability to multi-task and prioritize.  Good organizational skills (computer file structuring, documents).  Requires minimal supervision.  Ability to work in a fast paced environment.  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. To request an accommodation, please contact People & Organization at (303) 792-8899 or email: P&O@ncm.com National CineMedia, LLC is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or veteran status or any other status protected by law. 
company_name : National CineMedia Compucom Digital323 Intelligent Decisions
city : Centennial, CO Denver, CO Englewood, CO Denver, CO
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      