job_id : 598dc35cf02692a7         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Support Specialist (55596)
start_date : 
description: Department Information Technology Services/University Technology Administration and Support, ITAPP/College of Social Work Responsibilities Dual Reporting: College of Social Work and ITS-ITAPP [Information Technology Administration Partnership Program] partnership to deliver information technology services for the College of Social Work. Reports to ITS to consolidate services, leveraging centrally funded/managed systems and personnel. Serves as the first point of contact relating to distribution and support of information technology resources, providing problem solving and debugging along with delivering user support to faculty, staff, and students. Responsible for troubleshooting and mitigating complex problems related to computer hardware and computer software applications. Performs initial computer hardware and software setup. Assists with analysis and development of procedures involving computing and network issues. Assists with the administration of network servers, including user accounts and backups and other computer network issues. Analyzes problems, develops solutions and implements computer software and hardware. Serves as liaison with University wide subject matter experts. Must possess independent judgment and be knowledgeable in a broad, constantly evolving assortment of IT policies, procedures, and technologies. Evaluates available and emerging technologies and determines if they are suitable for implementation in the technology environment at the College of Social Work. Responsible for configuration and installation of new equipment and software. Provides training to employees in the use of equipment, software applications, and systems. Assists with administration and support of computer labs and multimedia equipment. Assists with troubleshooting end-user issues relating to telephone system features and instruments, digital signage, videoconferencing, and remote connectivity of computers. Support may be given via telephone, using remote access tools, in person, and/or via e-mail. Establishes and maintains multi-user data bases. Analyzes problems, develops solutions, and implements computer software and hardware as necessary. Uses automated help desk tracking system and other record keeping procedures relating to responsibilities. Assists in properly tracking inventory. Monitors supplies and equipment inventories for help desk operations. Sanitizes equipment to be sent to surplus. Maintains systems off-site locations of College of Social Work Institutes and Centers. Other duties as assigned. A state vehicle or golf cart will be used for moving equipment between supported buildings. A valid driver's license will be needed in order to operate vehicle. Qualifications Bachelor's degree or high school diploma or equivalency and four years' experience or a combination of post high school education and experience equal to four years. Experience providing technical support for Windows 7 and Windows 8 workstations, as well as printers, smart phones and mobile computers. Experience with Windows server administration. Experience managing user accounts and security groups within Active Directory. Experience working successfully in a team-oriented environment. Experience conveying technical information to technical and non-technical users. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group including executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Experience prioritizing, organizing, and independently performing multiple work assignments simultaneously. Experience documenting processes and systems Knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures for computer support. Knowledge of applicable computer software, operating systems, functions, and related peripherals. Valid Florida or Georgia driver's license or the ability to obtain. Preferred Experience managing an IT department or unit Familiar with virtualization technologies Experience in storage solutions and technologies Experience in setting up backup solutions to provide data security and reliability Experience creating and managing IT Project plans Anticipated Salary Range Negotiable with experience. Schedule Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm Background Check Requirements This position requires successful completion of a criminal history background check. Pay Plan This is an A&P (Administrative and Professional) position. How To Apply If qualified and interested in a specific job opening as advertised, apply to Florida State University at https://jobs.fsu.edu. Applicants are required to complete the online application with all applicable information. Applications must include all work history up to ten years, and all education details even if attaching a resume. Tobacco Free Campus Effective January 1, 2014, tobacco use, including simulated tobacco use, is prohibited on property, interior and exterior, owned or managed by Florida State University. This policy applies to all Florida State University students, employees, consultants, contractors, visitors, and external individuals. Equal Employment Opportunity An Equal Opportunity/Access/Affirmative Action/Pro Disabled & Veteran Employer. FSU's Equal Opportunity Statement can be viewed at: http://www.hr.fsu.edu/PDF/Publications/diversity/EEO_Statement.pdf 
company_name : Florida State University Florida State University Epyon Technology PeopleFirst Florida HR
city : Tallahassee, FL Tallahassee, FL Tallahassee, FL Leon County, FL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      