job_id : 5266c790cd11c697         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support I
start_date : 
description: About ACTIVE : We are the technology that powers activities, helping over 47,000 activity organizers automate, simplify and grow their business through rich data and insights. With over a decade of experience building the world’s leading registration platform, our SaaS products are changing the way the world gets active. We are a company of passionate people that are focused on results, committed to excellence and fueled by challenge. We celebrate a culture of winning, high-performance and accountability. Our team members embrace a work-hard/play-hard mentality and bring their passion, dedication and creativity each and every day. Together, we are making the world a more active place. The Active Network, LLC. provides Software as a Service and marketing services to community service organizations worldwide and has earned a reputation as a leading online destination for active lifestyles. The company’s application services help organizations reduce the cost and complexity of managing the things people love, want, and need to do during their daily activities. Active Network is looking for a Desktop Support Analyst that will be responsible for a variety of activities that include planning, design and delivery of technical infrastructure and desktop solutions. You will also apply functional knowledge and technical expertise to the design of systems to support customer needs, as well as the technologies implemented across the IT department. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Additional duties may be assigned. Provide internal IT support for corporate end users Deliver technical solutions as per specified plans, deliverables, costs and timelines. Gather business and technical requirements and translate them into IT solutions Manage multiple responsibilities and assignments while maintaining a high level of quality. Work in team environments that span functional and geographic boundaries. Document technical issues, solutions and support information. Clearly articulate technical issues, solutions and activities to colleagues and customers Required Skills: QUALIFICATIONS : Demonstrated technical configuration, implementation and support expertise with the following technologies, strategies and activities: Desktop Transformation and Migration projects and activities Desktop Image Design and Deployment projects and activities Windows Desktop Operating Systems: Windows 7 & 8, Server Operating Systems: Win Server 2008 and 2012 Mac OS and hardware expertise including Mac Server and administering Mac’s in primarily Windows desktop environments Well developed practical operating knowledge of common desktop/laptop hardware and application software specifically, Windows, MS Office Suite, Blackberry configuration, workstation imaging processes and print services and printers; system application, systems and user management (Active Directory), data communication including basic networking in LAN/WAN environment (DHCP, TCP/IP, etc.) and remote access/support solutions (VPN, RDP, VNC, etc.). Familiar with conferencing technologies such as Video Conferencing such as Webex Working in a team environment and experience working cohesively with Tier 3 IT Support teams Basic understanding of the project management life cycles Excellent communication skills, including ability to clearly articulate technical issues and activities to technical and non-technical staff Exceptional writing skills, including documenting configuration and support/technical information Ability to work in a team environment Uncompromising integrity, common sense and good judgment. Strong customer service focus and attention to detail Results-oriented. Demonstrated ability to develop effective working relationships with internal and external customers Able to manage multiple conflicting priorities, establish priorities, work independently and meet deadlines Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to adapt in a complex and changing environment Manage personal stress and know own limits - ask for help when needed Provide basic communication, facilitation, and post resolution reporting for high severity incidents Provide after-hours or weekend maintenance as needed Additional knowledge and experience with the following technologies would also be an asset: Technical solution design and planning experience Planning, design and delivery expertise with the following technologies and activities: Microsoft System Center Management technologies such as SCCM Service Now Incident Management tool Microsoft Database technologies: SQL Server Microsoft Communication and Collaboration technologies such as Exchange 2010 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) Powershell Scripting and process automation Perks & Benefits : Competitive compensation and benefits, including medical insurance and 401k with matching. ACTIVEx, our award winning employee participation program, helps you grow personally and professionally. Our ACTIVE Advantage program gives you discounts on activities, gear and travel. ACTIVE Network is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
company_name : Active Network Buchanan Technologies Next Consulting Group, Inc Stonegate Mortgage Corporation
city : Dallas, TX Dallas, TX Dallas, TX Dallas, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      