job_id : 504a0fbf3b307385         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Adjunct Information Technology (IT) Instructors
start_date : 
description: Brown Mackie College (Greenville) is currently seeking adjunct instructors to teach courses in Information Technology (IT) (Please note: Classes are on a month-to-month delivery system) We offer two class schedules: 1. Mon/Tues/Thurs; or 2. Wed/Fri Job Summary The part time instructor facilitates meaningful learning of the course competencies in the curriculum and proactively supports all facets of the learning environment. S/He provides education through learning-centered instruction that will enable graduates to fulfill the evolving needs of the marketplace. S/He encourages a culture of learning that values mutual responsibility and respect, life-long learning and ethics as well as personal and professional development. This position is part time/adjunct only. Incumbent must assure that the EDMC philosophy: quality services to clients; development, growth, involvement, and recognition of employees; sound economic principles; and environment which is conducive to innovation, positive thinking and expansion - is considered in carrying out the duties and responsibilities of this position. Key Job Elements Provides competency-based education which aligns with the EDMC model of curricula as well as supports the EDMC style of system delivery. Designs and delivers class instruction through the development of instructional plans to meet course competencies, the development of activities which support lesson objectives, and (in the case of online instructors ONLY) delivers the instruction as approved. Enables the achievement of pre-described exit competencies for student achievement and evaluation of learning by providing instruction which fosters competencies and establish student performance criteria and evaluation. Delivers learning-centered instruction by establishing a classroom environment conducive to learning and student involvement as well as effectively planning and preparing for classes and student success. Promotes student success by showing flexibility in style and work schedule as well as exhibiting a passion for teaching and students and engaging students in the learning process. Manages the learning environment through keeping accurate records, submitting grades and other reports on time, and enforcing school/campus academic and attendance policies. Contributes to a learning culture by participating on curriculum and system task forces, supporting local campus events such as orientation and graduation, and participating in various other workshops and meetings. Relates professional/life/industry experience to learning by the continuation of professional/technical skills development, the introduction of industry perspective into courses, and the active awareness of professional/industry trends and opportunities. Reports To: Dean of System-Wide Programs, Academic Department Director Directly Supervises: None Interacts With: Academic affairs department, other school/campus functional areas, curriculum task force and other committees, other faculty, and students Job Requirements Knowledge: Master's degree in Information Technology or another computer related field required Previous teaching experience highly preferred A+ Certified and successfully passed CompTIA Network + Certification, highly desired or preferred Zero to two years experience in instruction or formalized education process, preferably in a post-secondary or college institution. Membership in a professional association tied to area of instruction preferred. Skills: Excellent verbal and written communication skills including the ability to build successful relationships with student populations. Outstanding conflict resolution skills. Demonstrated time management and detail-oriented skills Computer based skills (i.e., software, analytical, and report writing skills ) Abilities: Ability to work effectively under pressure and to meet frequently occurring deadlines. Ability to develop a professional rapport with diverse school/campus constituents. Ability to develop and complete projects without continued direct supervision Ability to learn from students' participation, demonstrates fair and consistent behavior in all matters, and shows compassion without being ineffectual Work Environment & Notice Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The term "qualified individual with a disability" means an individual with a disability who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the position. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate professionally in person, over the telephone, through email and other electronic means, move about the office or school, handle various types of media and equipment, and visually or otherwise identify, observe and assess. The employee is occasionally required to lift up to 10 pounds unless otherwise specified in the job description. Notice The intent of this job description is to provide a representative and level of the types of duties and responsibilities that will be required of positions given this title and shall not be construed as a declaration of the total of the specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position. Employees may be directed to perform job-related tasks other than those specifically presented in this description. Education Management Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity as a critical step in ensuring employee, student and graduate success. We are committed to building and developing a diverse environment where a variety of ideas, cultures and perspectives can thrive. Copyright 
company_name : Brown Mackie College
city : Greenville, SC
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      