job_id : 5180bcb1bef6b4b9         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator
start_date : 
description: Job Description Linux Systems Administrator: This position is dedicated to the ongoing support of the Defense Civilian Personnel Data System (DCPDS) Enterprise Human Resource application and related systems supporting over 800,000+ DoD civilian personnel records and users. DCPDS is a highly available, mission critical, computing infrastructure in which the candidate must be willing to work on a team of multiple Linux system administrators supporting a 7X24 on call rotating schedule. Candidate must be capable of working in a fast paced environment requiring the ability to manage multiple tasks. The successful Candidate will perform system administrator duties such as configure and tune Linux operating environments, perform scheduled maintenance on the system to incorporate patches and/or enhancements, install COTS products, proprietary software and configure them to successfully run in multiple environments. Update and maintain COTS and custom system monitoring tools/scripts. Maintains systems in accordance with established policies, procedures and Service Level Agreements (SLAs). Implements and monitors Cyber Security procedures. Monitors and tunes the system to achieve optimum level of performance. Ensures server data integrity by evaluating, implementing and managing appropriate software and hardware solutions. Enforces standard operating procedures. Conducts routine hardware and software audits of servers for compliance with established standards, policies, configuration guidelines and procedures. Basic Qualifications Experience maintaining Linux operating systems in a multi-server production environment Knowledge of Storage Area Network (SAN) configuration, management, and troubleshooting Effective interpersonal skills and team oriented individual Critical thinker who can work and engineer solutions with minimal supervision Ability to acquire DoD IT1 position of trust clearance Ability to complete and maintain Security+ CE certification Security+ CE certification or must acquire within 6 months of start Desired skills Experience maintaining Linux operating systems that support and interface with Oracle databases and applications Basic knowledge of working on systems in a controlled environment with configuration management oversight (software releases, implementing standard configurations, etc.) Experience with an enterprise class monitoring and backup system Working knowledge in Red Hat Enterprise Linux and/or Oracle Enterprise Linux Familiarity with supporting JBOSS and/or HPOV Working knowledge of DCPDS operations Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): San Antonio Texas 
company_name : Lockheed Martin Accenture Sterling Foods, LLC FLASH Technology Group, LLC.
city : San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      