job_id : 5892f9e9b9a09372         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Support Analyst
start_date : 
description: The Technical Support Analyst is responsible for troubleshooting and resolving technical issues on a wide variety of installed software and SOA systems. They need to be detail-oriented, organized, and able to manage time effectively in a fast paced challenging environment. The ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, experience working in the transportation software industry supporting clients using installed and SOA applications, effective team leadership skills, excellent prioritization skills, and attention to detail with a strong drive for success. Essential Functions Note: The duties listed below are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar. Resolve technical issues via phone, email, and remote access for customers and internal staff on a wide variety of installed software and SOA systems. Fully document all case interactions and create documentation including Knowledge Base articles and other supporting material. Accurately document all customer contacts, resolution steps, and customer feedback in order to enhance SMC3 products and services. Promote knowledge transfer to influence positive change and strengthen the team's performance. Maintain a strong working knowledge of SMC3 products and services. Take ownership of all customer interactions and utilize appropriate timely follow-through. Responsible for daily schedule adherence, remaining available to assist customers and maintaining quality. Continuously increase technical aptitude and develop customer service skills to improve the quality of the customer experience. Act as product technical liaison between development and sales teams. Stay abreast of the latest technology trends. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree or equivalent 4+ years relevant experience. Strong knowledge of operating systems, networking connectivity , SoapUI, and web services. Previous experience with customer service or support role with direct end user contact or support Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to actively listen and comprehend complex technical issues. Apply individual discretion to ensure outcomes of customer satisfaction. Understands the fundamentals of the Transportation Industry. Experience with JAVA, JVM, Eclipse IDE a Plus. Skills Problem Solving Interpersonal Skills Oral Communications Written Communications Planning/Organization Accuracy Adaptability Dependability Click here to submit your resume. 
company_name : SMC³ Computer Generated Solutions Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton Enterprise Support
city : Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      