job_id : 685dbe0e6063274b         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Support Analyst
start_date : 
description: Every day, Imagine Communications is delivering billions of media moments all over the world — anywhere, anytime and on any device. Imagine Communications delivers innovative, end-to-end media software and networking solutions to over 3,000 customers in more than 185 countries, including the top broadcast facilities and the most technologically advanced sports and live-event venues. Today, we’re driving an industry transformation by investing deeply in a new generation of media enabled by IP, virtualization, cloud infrastructure and software-defined networks. At Imagine Communications, groundbreaking work is part of our everyday environment. All our employees play a vital role in our organization, helping the media industry enable instant access to moments that matter. Wherever your skills fit in our business — from engineering and sales to service and support — you’ll find you gain much more than just a job. At Imagine Communications, you’ll gain the opportunity to contribute to the transformation that’s taking place in the way the world is consuming media. If you’re looking to join a market leader and take your career to the next level, contact us today! Specific duties include but are not limited to: Technical Support Analyst for Imagine Communications Corp. in Englewood, CO to provide technical Tier 3 support for broadcast industry billing and scheduling traffic systems and software products. Requires a Bachelor's degree in computer science, telecommunication, engineering or related field (willing to accept foreign education equivalent) as well as three years of experience supporting broadcast billing and scheduling traffic systems and associated integration. Experience must include: SQL Server database technologies, including triggers, stored procedures, queries and schemas; programming logic application framework as applied in OSI (C#.net, ADO.net and Visual C++); broadcast industry domain; and troubleshooting network security, connectivity and hardware configuration issues in broadcast billing and scheduling traffic systems context. Eligible for employee referral program. Qualifications: Essential : Experience working in a client-facing environment Experience supporting a client-server based application Experience of using MS office products Desirable : Experience of working with MS SQL databases Experience with customer issue tracking and knowledge base systems. (Siebel preferred) Education : Bachelor required EEO Statement: Imagine Communications Corp. is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, disability (physical or mental), medical condition, marital status, ancestry, protected veteran status, genetics and any other protected group status or non-job related characteristics as directed by law. 
company_name : Imagine Communications Harris Broadcast Visa Sierra Nevada Corporation
city : Englewood, CO Englewood, CO Highlands Ranch, CO Centennial, CO
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      