job_id : 6146f64620e00395         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Tier II - PC/Desktop Specialist
start_date : 
description: L-3 NSS has an immediate opportunity for a Tier II/ Desktop Support Specialist to join our Team! This position is Monday through Friday 9:30AM - 6:00PM In this role you will respond to telephone, electronic mail, and/or walk-in requests for support for all systems and equipment within the IMCEN HQDA Service Desk environment in accordance with current or revised Help Desk SOP's and/or service level agreements. Troubleshoot problems encountered using microcomputer software; Perform hardware/software testing and installation; Perform network and desktop based detection of viruses to counter/eliminate/control; Detect, contain and eliminate virus infestations; Provide limited one-on-one desk side training for customers requiring assistance on standard software applications and/or IT equipment; Provide general technical support for all dial in/remote access systems and other remote systems; Evaluate hardware, firmware, peripherals, software packages, etc., for use by staff and provide recommendations to accomplish the desired objectives; Install, configure and maintain network communications hardware (bridges, routers, gateways, modems, CSU/DSU's, etc.) to meet connectivity requirements (except when specifically tasked to other contractors); You will also ensure technical safeguards are maintained to provide controlled user access, integrity of electronic mail, applications and user data. **This position may require flexible hours Qualifications Required: Must have a current and active US Secret Security Clearance Associates degree in any discipline with 100 hours of professional education related to an integrated ADP/LAN environment OR Microsoft Certified Product Specialist, or A+ Certification or 1 to 3 years experience with hands-on working knowledge in MS Windows XX, NT4.0, Office 97,2000,Exchange 5.5, Norton Utilities, NT networks with over 500 on-line users Experience with a variety of network topologies Experience with IBM-compatible personal computers, terminal, peripheral equipment and associated software repair, installation, configuration and system operation and their supporting hardware to include tape drives, hard drives, network interface cards, and other interface peripherals; Experience with telecommunications software, Windows NT servers, client/server topologies, and a variety of file server hardware Must be willing to obtain required 8570 certifications within 3 months of hire Desired: At least 1 year of ADP experience within the last 3 years, including Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer Experience with in Windows 95, MS Office 97/2000, MS Exchange, MS Internet Explorer, Windows NT, Norton Utilities, and Support Magic. A minimum of 1 year within the last 2 years must have included microcomputer hardware and software support. A+ Certification Experience with Support Magic and Remedy a plus. L-3 is a prime contractor in aerospace systems and national security solutions. L-3 is also a leading provider of a broad range of communication and electronic systems and products used on military and commercial platforms. L-3 National Security Solutions (L-3 NSS) is one of four segments of L-3. L-3 NSS specializes in full-spectrum cyber operations, enterprise and mission IT, intelligence operations support, and operational infrastructure solutions. We offer a competitive benefits package to include: paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending account, long and short term disability and company paid life insurance, 401 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, referral bonuses and tuition reimbursement. L-3 NSS is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage minorities, women, protected veterans and disabled individuals to apply. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing to include background checks. EOE/Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled Turn your interest into action, apply today! If your background matches the requirements, you will be contacted by one of our Recruiters! US Security Clearance Required : Secret Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No 
company_name : L-3 Communications
city : Virginia
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      