job_id : 639cf8d9c72af7af         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Consultants (Entry level)
start_date : 
description: ABOUT US: Do you have the entrepreneurial sprit and energy it takes to be successful in a fast-paced, high-growth consulting company? Revenue Solutions, Inc. (RSI) provides IT consulting services and software products to clients in the government revenue industry across the United States. We're experts at delivering and developing systems solutions that streamline tax administration and maximize revenue. Our clients in State and Local agencies rely on us to help them shorten and straighten the path to implementing new information technologies wile reducing the risks and budgetary concerns often associated with these mission-critical projects. As a result of our success, RSI's business has continued to grow at a rapid rate. Why work for RSI? • RSI provides limitless opportunities for personal and professional growth in a stimulating, challenging, and performance-oriented work culture. • RSI is a small company with a history of steady growth and profitability, a strong management team, great people, and many opportunities for advancement • RSI provides employees with the opportunities to lead and contribute to highly desirable and visible projects using the latest technologies, including Java/J2EE and .NET • RSI's management team is fully supportive of work-life balance • RSI hires only the best and the brightest consultants and software developers • RSI provides a full and competitive benefits package including a variety of bonus programs, 401(k), medical/dental/disability, and paid vacation and holidays. Please visit our website at www.RevenueSolutionsInc.com to learn more about our company, the services and products we provide, and the high levels of commitment we have towards both our customers and our employees. Job Description We are looking for entry-level IT Consultants to join our team of IT professionals building, deploying, and maintaining technology solutions for our clients. Working in a team environment, you will have the opportunity to gain career-building experience using the latest software and leading-edge development tools to design and develop state-of-the-art computer applications. Our entry-level Consultants will work with our clients to customize and deploy RSI's software solutions. Your responsibilities might include gathering and documenting system requirements, resolving technical design issues, and assisting with programming and software development efforts. We have opportunities available throughout the United States but our immediate needs are in the New England region (ME, RI), the Midwest (MO, IN), and the West Coast (Sacramento). We have long-term assignments available in some locations; when that project work ends, you may be asked to take an assignment in another location. We are looking for candidates who can start anytime so Winter 2014, Spring 2015, AND Summer 2015 Grads are encouraged to apply now. We’re ready to interview and make offers to the right candidates! Requirements REQUIRED EXPERIENCE, SKILLS & COMPETENCIES: • Bachelors degree in MIS, IT, CIS, Computer Science, Mathematics, Business Administration or related field • GPA of 3.0 or higher • Immediate authorization to work in the US • 0-3 years relevant IT Consulting experience • Familiarity with one or more programming languages (i.e. SQL, JAVA, C#, ASP, .NET, XML) • Familiarity with standard development techniques (SDLC, OOD) • Knowledge of Relational Databases, Object Oriented Design, and Data Structures • Strong analytical problem solving skills • Excellent verbal and written communication skills • Outgoing and enthusiastic personality • Professional business demeanor • Customer-focused attitude and desire to interface directly with end-user clients • Willingness to travel or relocate PREFFERED EXPERIENCE, SKILLS & COMPETENCIES • Advanced degree • PL/SQL, OLAP, ETL, Cognos, SAS • Strong SQL skills HIGHLY preferred • Knowledge of statistical sampling tools and methodologies (for some positions) 
company_name : Revenue Solutions, Inc. Bullhorn Aptean TEKsystems
city : United States Boston, MA Indianapolis, IN Cleveland, OH
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      