job_id : 771a266b297e3719         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Specialist, Service Desk
start_date : 
description: The Service Desk Support Specialist is responsible for handling first line IT support for internal users and external customers. The primary focus of the Service Desk Support Specialist is the rapid and accurate resolution of user issues via phone, email, and direct interaction with the end user community. Essential Functions Must be available 80-90% of the day to answer the phone and respond to user inquiries and issues Coordinates, diagnoses, troubleshoots and resolve incoming incidents/requests/problems via Calls/Emails/Alerts Provides support services to employees and clients with technical problems and information technology issues involving hardware, software, telecom or network services. Coordinate with other IT Teams for the purpose of completing projects/request efficiently Actively monitor SLA status of open incidents to resolve within agreed timeframe Provides timely resolution of problems or escalation on behalf of customer to appropriate technical personnel Maintains a high level quality of customer service standards in dealing with and responding to end user’s issues and questions. Keep an up-to-date record on the status of each request and also provide appropriate feedback to the end user. Create accurate documentation for all customer interactions Supports and maintains effective relationships with users. Create and update knowledgebase articles to ensure quality documentation exists for the support process Follow established procedures carefully to resolve reported incidents or requests Available for escalation of routine support tasks Mentoring and supporting of other team members Other duties as assigned. Make suggestions for improvements in the Service Desk processes and work with senior team members to implement changes Effectively use internal standard collaboration tools to improve workflow, task management and team administration. Work with manager to review User Feedback and undertake corrective actions as agreed Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent technical training, with at least 1- 3 years of experience in service desk. Knowledge and ability to troubleshoot computer hardware, desktop operating systems Must have the ability to handle a constantly changing environment, remain productive during slow times, and be able to multitask effectively during busy times. Must be able to exercise patience and professionalism during stressful situations. Must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of personnel. Strong Written and verbal communication skills ITIL v3 Foundation certification preferred A+ Certification preferred. MCSE certification a plus. Must be well organized, have good verbal and written communication skills and a commitment to customer service. Experience handling, organizing, tracking, and reporting on user support incidents Technical understanding of Microsoft Office and an Active Directory environment Ability to work independently to resolve customer issues with little or no supervision Ability to manage high-stress support situations General Knowledge of Terminal services, Service Now, Cisco Call Manager and Cisco Collaboration services *CB-IT* 
company_name : Connolly, LLC Fresenius Medical Care ClearBridge Technology Group Prudential
city : Wilton, CT Fairfield, CT Norwalk, CT Shelton, CT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      