job_id : 7571eb7f2d29bbb4         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Specialist Job
start_date : 
description: IT Specialist (Job Number: 607962) Description: The Federal Health Operation is seeking an IT Specialist, contingent upon contract award, in Bethesda, MD. Scope The software development team supports the production application needs as well as the architectural, engineering, configuration management, and security services needed to support the development efforts. The current technical architecture on SOA incorporates best practice techniques and open standards for delivering a secure, scalable, highly available, and extensible architecture using new software technologies in the data center. Requirements Provides clients with information by designing methods to collect and retrieve data. Identifies client requirements by establishing personal rapport with potential and actual clients and other persons in a position to understand service requirements. Collects data by identifying sources of information; designing survey and collection methods. Organizes information by studying, analyzing, interpreting, and classifying data. Resolves retrieval problems by altering design to meet requirements. Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information. Prepares reference for users by writing operating instructions. Maintains historical records by documenting system changes and revisions. Maintains client confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Establishes and revises database by conferring with analysts and programmers to code and retrieve data. Two years of Agile development experience, with experience working with .NET 3.5 and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Perform analyses, advise, and serve as a Web services specialist, performing technical assistance and completing assignments leading to resolution of customer problems. Applies basic knowledge of programming techniques. Develops program specifications for writing and testing programs. Develops, modifies and maintains assigned software according to specifications. Develops test data, performs thorough testing and corrects faulty code to ensure compliance with specifications. Documents programs according to Government standards and procedures. Perform analyses, advise, and serve as a PML specialist, performing technical assistance and completing assignments leading to resolution of customer problems. Qualifications: Required Skills and Expertise Strong knowledge of best practice of system development life cycle (SDLC) to develop dynamic web and database applications using, but not limited to, .NET with various database back-ends (Access, MS SQL or Oracle) meeting the business and investigators requirements such as XHTML, CSS, XML, JQuery and JavaScript, utilizing established Best Practices for usability and Section 508 compliance. Additional support may be needed for specialized database applications or software development. This will cover, but not be limited to, all required software and application development customization needs that encompass all activities necessary to develop and deploy web based database systems to support scientific and administration functions of NIH. REQUIRED EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, engineering, or related field. An additional four years of relevant experience may be substituted for the Bachelor’s Degree. Requires 1-2 years of similar IT experience . Leidos Overview: Leidos is an applied solutions company focused on markets that are seeing converging business and technological trends, and address basic, enduring human needs: defense and national security, health and life sciences, and energy, engineering and infrastructure. The Company's approximately 20,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and commercial health and engineering markets. Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Job Posting: Aug 8, 2014, 8:24:08 AM Primary Location: United States-MD-BETHESDA Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: None Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Public Trust Potential for Teleworking: No Travel: None Shift: Day Job Schedule: Full-time 
company_name : Leidos Commodity Futures Trading Commission Treasury, Departmental Offices National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
city : Bethesda, MD Washington, DC Washington, DC College Park, MD
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      