job_id : 788b007ec277f22a         
businesscategory_name : 
title : COMPUTER OPERATOR II
start_date : 
description: Recruitment Number 214245 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only Duties Summary: Monitor and control an electronic computer and attached peripheral equipment by operating the control console and directing the activity of the various work stations in a multi-programming environment; or control and operate a remote job entry station connected to the central computer via communication lines; and perform other related duties as assigned. For some positions, applicants must be willing and able to work shifts, including evenings, weekends and holidays. The immediate vacancy requires availability for shift work. Minimum Qualification Requirements: To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements: Specialized Experience: Two years of work experience in the operation of an electronic computer and peripheral equipment which demonstrated knowledge of the components of an electronic computer including peripheral equipment, and their operations and functions, and the ability to monitor the central console and coordinate the functions of the computer system. Special Requirement: Applicants must be able to lift and carry objects weighing up to 60 pounds, with or without reasonable accommodation. License: Some positions require possession of a valid driver's license. For those positions, a valid driver's license is required at the time of appointment. Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum Qualification Requirements (click link below), will apply. The information provided above represents a summary of the complete Minimum Qualification Requirements . To view the Requirements in their entirety, please CLICK HERE . 01291:050712:03:SP Other Information: ELECTRONIC NOTIFICATION TO APPLICANTS The Department of Human Resources Development will use electronic mail (email) to notify applicants of important information relating to the status and processing of their applications as part of our ongoing efforts to increase operational efficiency, promote the conservation of green resources, and minimize delays and costs. Please ensure that the email address and contact information you provide is current, secure, and readily accessible to you. We will not be responsible in any way if you do not receive our emails or fail to check your email-box in a timely manner. TESTING INFORMATION The examination for this recruitment will be conducted on an unassembled basis where the examination score is based on an evaluation and rating of your education and experience. It is therefore important that your employment application provide a clear and detailed description of the duties and responsibilities of each position you held. In-person interviews and/or further testing in Hawaii may be required at the discretion of the hiring agency. If in-person interviews and/or further testing is a requirement, applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are referred to the vacancy must be available to participate in person and at their own expense in this required phase of the selection process. Applicants are encouraged to submit their applications as soon as possible. In addition to employment availability and score, the referral of qualified applicants may be based upon other factors including date of receipt of the application. CLICK HERE for further information about Equal Employment Opportunity, the Merit Civil Service System, Citizenship and other requirements, Reasonable Accommodation, Veterans Preference, Examination Requirements, and the State Recruiting Office's Levels of Review. 
company_name : State of Hawaii First National Bank Alaska Frontier Technology Inc. TransCentra
city : Hawaii Anchorage, AK Lompoc, CA Napa, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      