job_id : 724bf2631649872c         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technician, IT Service Desk
start_date : 
description: Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE: INGR) is a leading global ingredients solutions provider specializing in nature-based sweeteners, starches and nutrition ingredients. With customers in more than 40 countries, Ingredion, formerly Corn Products International, serves approximately 60 diverse sectors in food, beverage, brewing, pharmaceuticals and other industries. For more information, visit ingredion.com . Job Title: Technician IT Service Desk Position Location: Bridgewater, US Business Unit: Corporate Finance Primary Function The purpose of the position is to provide support to end users on a variety of issues through identification, research, and resolution of technical problems. Support is provided by responding to telephone calls, monitoring Service Desk tool queues and personnel requests using best practices and department procedures for technical support. Scope of support includes timely review and completion of assigned tickets and assisting in other IT areas where needed. Reports To: Technical Lead, Service Desk Technician Supervision: None Key Deliverables Critical Deliverables B usiness User Support Management – Manage the user environment including the documentation of PC moves, adds, changes, and overall maintenance by researching and recommending changes to provide proactive maintenance and improvements to application and hardware usability ensuring secure, optimum performance consistent with the business direction of Ingredion Incorporated. User Support is conducted by monitoring the ticket queues, providing phone based customer service, and deskside support. Application Support – Maintain functional application support of Microsoft Office and other desktop applications used throughout the enterprise, support of Lotus Notes Databases and SAP ERP and BW Application Support, functional application testing/diagnostics to ensure users are able to access critical systems and execute basic transactions. System Change Requests – Prioritize and implement manager approved system change requests of medium to high complexity by carrying out tasks as required during the full lifecycle of a system change request resulting in process improvements as required. Disaster Recovery – Contribute to Workgroup disaster recovery planning and business continuity plans including participation in disaster recovery assurance tests, maintenance of the associated manuals and procedures and the ongoing gap assessments that are required to keep disaster recovery plans and business continuity plans current. Administration – Provide administration support of all desktop applications, PC hardware/devices and assist when requested with security and tech ops systems. A gility and Innovation Technology – Research, identify, keep technically current and contribute new or improved technology ideas to solve specific business needs or risks and to keep Ingredion competitive. Documentation – Create formal documentation including configuration documentation, test documentation, end user training material using Microsoft Office tools resulting in well documented systems and well trained end users. R elationships and People Project Management – Perform as a project team member on project implementations; independently completing assigned tasks of all level of complexity resulting in successful, on time and on budget projects. Training – Administer training for end users on the use of their technology assets and applications. Teamwork – Provide value as a team member in cross functional implementations while demonstrating effective interpersonal skills resulting in successful systems implementation. Assist other areas of IT in low level server maintenance, tape management to the backup / recovery systems, network or other assistance as needed. Assist with Vendor coordination and escorts. Knowledge, Skills, and Requirements: Significant years of Service Desk or End User Support experience. Minimum of 3 years of Help Desk experience Minimum of 2 years of Application Support experience Minimum of 3 years of experience in technical area of expertise Knowledge of integration points between various business processes, technologies, or modules. Strong problem solving skills with well-organized and structured work habits. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May be required to work evenings and weekends to ensure minimal user and business interruptions. Computer science degree desired. Key Job Disciplines (One or more will apply): Windows Operating System Support: Configuration and technical support for all Windows operating systems. Desktop, Printer, and Laptop Hardware Configuration\Setup\Troubleshooting: Configuration and technical support for Laptops and Desktops including installation of required hardware and software and support of HP Printers. IT asset management control. PC Troubleshooting: Analysis and correction of laptop and desktop technical issues. Application Support: Functional application support of Microsoft Office and other productivity applications used throughout the enterprise. Use of PC Management Tools: Use of remote control, imaging, and other basic PC management Tools. Patch Management: Maintenance of PC patch levels for existing laptops, desktops, and Offsite Facilities computers using WSUS Patch Manager or the standard tool defined for patch management. Image Design: Development/Analysis of PC images, using SCCM for deployment on equipment or the standard tool defined for image management. Smartphones and mobile device support: Deployment and troubleshooting. Assist with the setup of Video conferences. Provide assistance in the related IT activities required from other IT areas. Ability to manipulate and lift desktop computer equipment and printers, servers, storage, and network equipment into the required location. Desired behavior, personal attributes, (Success Drivers And Competencies): Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to function well in a team or independently. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Fluent English and German speaking. Relocation Available: No Ingredion Incorporated is proud to provide a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental and life insurance, a 401(k) with a generous company match, a pension plan and long term career growth potential. 
company_name : Ingredion WithumSmith+Brown IexSoft LLC Raritan Valley Community College
city : Bridgewater, NJ Morristown, NJ Township of Piscataway, NJ North Branch, NJ
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      