job_id : 7585e2655459413d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT On-Site Support Specialist
start_date : 
description: IT On-Site Support Specialist - CLE0012L US-OH-Cleveland The On-site end user specialist will perform multiple technology support activities in providing end-user support to Firm personnel. This selected candidate will have demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks, working with multiple software and hardware technologies, in a fast paced environment. The support specialist will have a strong focus managing assets which includes procurement and have the ability to deliver technology training to new hires through our onboarding program. This position would be based primarily in Cleveland, Ohio along with potential backup responsibilities in Akron and Columbus Ohio. Essential Functions of the Job: • Assist with the deployment of hardware and software to end users (including the installation, configuration and testing of more complex firm hardware). • Assist with provisioning and de-provisioning processing, including setting up of hardware/software for new hires, and receiving hardware from separating employees. • Assist with (or coordinate) the repair of end user hardware and the reinstallation of software as necessary to resolve end user incidents. • Flexibility to travel when needed between Cleveland, Akron & Columbus offices. • Ability to deliver technology training to EY new hires. • Perform Asset Management responsibilities as assigned by supervisor. • Resolve incidents associated with firm-standard end user software and hardware, including mobile/hand-held technologies. Identify sources and trends of technical problems to prevent future occurrences. • Under minimal supervision, provide after-hours service for escalated issues from the Service Desk or supervisor. • Perform asset management activities (procurement, receipt, inventory, tracking, distribution, etc.) in accordance with firm policy and IT Service process. • Assist with off-site support for firm sponsored functions/meetings. • Assist with IT tasks related to office moves, build outs and relocations. • Operate as "remote hands" for other IT functions, such as Telecommunications and Hosting. • Maintain a thorough understanding of IT Services' organization and service offerings in order to identify how best to address end user technology needs and incidents. • Understand the Firm's business and organization sufficiently to anticipate and resolve end user technology issues that affect productivity of Firm personnel. • This role receives direct oversight from a supervisor, with regular contact to monitor and assign activities. Experience Required: • A degree in Computer Science/related discipline or equivalent work experience. • Minimum 2 years of experience in end-user technology support. • Strong analytical skills are required to address end-user incidents escalated from the service desk or offered by end user on walk-up issues. • Demonstrated ability to prioritize incidents being worked on and communicate those priorities to end users as necessary. • Experience with supporting mobile applications, Windows 7 and Outlook preferred. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Feel comfortable with presenting between a small to large. 
company_name : Ernst & Young MY CGI EY University Hospitals
city : Cleveland, OH Cleveland, OH Cleveland, OH Shaker Heights, OH
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      