job_id : 8441c8205f8a2494         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator
start_date : 
description: - X-R000159 Danaher Company Description X-Rite is the global leader in color measurement and color management, offering hardware, software and services for measuring, formulating and matching color. The company serves a range of industries, including automotive, paints, plastics, textiles, printing, packaging, photography, graphic design, video, and medical. X-Rite serves customers worldwide from its offices in Europe, Asia and the Americas. Description X-Rite is looking for a Systems Administrator to round out the IT team in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The main job purpose is to assume primary administration of servers, storage and backups in the Kentwood Data Center and coordination of work at our outsourced and remote data centers. Essential Job Functions: 1. Manage the virtualized and physical global server infrastructure, including providing development, testing and production environments to staff as needed. 2. Manage the Enterprise Storage infrastructure as well as all other storage. 3. Manage the server backup solution. 4. Manage DNS and DHCP services. 5. Collaborate with team members, software vendors and other technical staff to develop, design, and implement a roadmap that will continuously improve systems. Manage improvement projects related to all storage, server, and backup systems. 6. Ensure that servers and services are appropriately updated and patched, ensuring system security and reliability. Initiate and manage upgrades and procurement of replacement equipment as required. 7. Monitor, allocate and manage resources and ensure that sufficient capacity exists to meet needs. 8. Triage and repair problems with assigned systems. 9. Maintain high standards in terms of written materials/documentation, including system level documentation, change management notifications, infrastructure/ incident reports and monitoring anomalies. 10. Perform related duties as assigned. 11. Job functions include but are not limited to those listed. EOE. X-Rite participates in the E-Verify program. Qualifications 1. High School degree/GED; Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems or related field preferred. 2. 2+ years of relevant experience. 3. Experience in Server Virtualization and Enterprise Storage Technologies required. Windows Server, System Center Suite, Hyper-V, iSCSI, EMC VNX, and EMC Avamar experience preferred. 4. Ability to travel globally when needed (10% - 20%). 5. Strong interpersonal, communication (both verbal and written) and customer service skills to deal effectively with a variety of people (both technical and non-technical). 6. Ability to effectively perform the above mentioned essential job functions. Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life around the world. Our family of world class brands have unparalleled leadership positions in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including health care, environmental and communications. We are a globally diverse team of 66,000 associates united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our ultimate competitive advantage. In 2013, we generated $19.1 billion in revenue and our market capitalization exceeded $50 billion. We are ranked #152 on the Fortune 500 and, during the past 20 years, our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 Index by nearly 2,800 percent. At Danaher, you’ll have the opportunity to build a career in a way no other company or environment can duplicate. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and most importantly, like to win. Why? Because it’s fun! But, when it comes to the development of our leaders and associates, we’re serious. Our business is growing, and we need top talented people to keep winning. The breadth and depth of our family of brands makes it possible for us to offer a variety of dynamic and challenging career opportunities across multiple global industries. Working with us, you’ll have the unique experience to learn the Danaher Business System, our common operating system used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create tremendous value for customers and shareholders. At Danaher, great people do extraordinary things. Come join our winning team. Organization : X-Rite Job Function : Information Technology Primary Location : North America-United States-MI-Grand Rapids : Schedule : Full-time : 
company_name : X-Rite Spectrum Health Meijer Amway
city : Grand Rapids, MI Grand Rapids, MI Grand Rapids, MI Ada, MI
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      