job_id : 85d07cf6443c8ee4         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Tier 1 Helpdesk Support
start_date : 
description: Amazon Corporate Operations is looking for a Tier 1 Support Engineer to join our group of System Support Engineers in the Client Support Services group. This is an opportunity to support distributed systems on a global scale. Our team of seasoned professionals provides technical support for internal systems and services to Amazon employees around the world. Team members resolve escalations from the Helpdesk and handle a wide variety of systems administration tasks within Active Directory, LDAP, Unix, and Exchange. Ideal candidates are those motivated to deliver white glove customer service within a fast paced and complex environment with a focus on delivering robust solutions that meet long-term operational needs. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, troubleshooting and resolving contacts related to Office applications, Exchange email, Blackberry and VPN as well as providing support for Unix and Windows accounts, permissions and network printing. Basic Qualifications * Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. This includes the ability to explain technical terminology to non-technical end users. * Must be highly self motivated and directed * Must possess a keen attention to detail * Must have knowledge in Microsoft Windows 7 and additionally one or more of the following: Mac OS X, Linux. * Specific knowledge in Microsoft Office Products and client applications required * Hardware and software troubleshooting experience required Key Responsibilities: -Support all IT Hardware, Software, and Local infrastructure within a very fast-paced and demanding environment -Contribute to the evaluation of the IT function and its resources -Be a main point of contact for individuals reporting or highlighting issues with systems or equipment -Ensure that issues are addressed and SLAs are met -Troubleshoots and resolves systems errors and failures to root cause -Ensures security procedures are followed and enforced -Trouble shoots network issues to root cause Preferred Qualifications -Background with Exchange and Active Directory -Former IT experience or training -Linux and Mac experience -Flexibility, thinking on your feet, and strong problem solving skills. -Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering measurable results in an dynamic environment. 
company_name : AMZN.wacs, Inc HomeStreet Bank University of Washington Medical Center University of Washington
city : Seattle, WA Seattle, WA Seattle, WA Seattle, WA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      