job_id : 865c153e678fde59         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Network Technician / HelpDesk
start_date : 
description: We are experts at technology. Our clients are experts at their respective industries. By combining forces we help ensure our clients' success in their various professional industries. Our managed services offerings utilize a wealth of knowledge by our technical team to cover the broad scope of applications and needs of our wide ranging clients. Our team takes great strength in communication, leadership, and having technological savvy to meet and exceed the expectations of our clients. We are the best because our technical team is the best. CASS is currently seeking a Network Technician / Helpdesk person who will be responsible for the central helpdesk, setup, installation, configuration, maintenance, operational repair and administration of specified networks. Position has potential of advancement in this growing company. Job Description Summary: This position is required to monitor, investigate and resolve issues related to our clients/users computer needs. Assists with network management, maintains and implements policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of network. Participate in a 24x7x365 first-level support team, take call on a rotating basis and be prepared to facilitate solutions for production technologies. Additional responsibilities include management of hardware and software upgrades, backup and restoration of sever systems, monitoring of hardware & software upgrades. Responds, evaluates and prioritizes incoming telephone and work ticket requests to provide assistance to clients/users experiencing problems with hardware, software, networking and other computer related issues. Support company quality standards, policies, procedures. Controls helpdesk in response to the needs and questions of network users concerning their access to resources on the network and the operation of various software programs. All calls and work tickets are entered into our management software in order to track and maintain a history on each of our clients. Requirements and Skills: Bachelor’s degree in B.S. and/or a minimum of two years experience in relevant information technology-related field. Working proficiency in English (Written and Oral). Strong technical writing skills and willingness to adequately document all work performed. Must have strong interpersonal skills and telephone presentation. Microsoft, Cisco, CompTIA, Citrix certifications preferred or candidate is currently pursuing certifications. Candidate will be highly motivated and possess a strong sense of urgency, high detail orientation and be adept at multitasking. Effective verbal, interpersonal and organizational skills when resolving issues is essential. Ability to work well with users to define needs, coordinate development, and provide training. Excellent teamwork skills and participatory skills to work effectively and efficiently with IT teams. Exceptional time management skills and accurate time reporting imperative. Knowledge of customer service standards and procedures and a commitment to excellence. Be willing to accommodate a client’s needs which may involve evening and weekend work. Desired characteristics of candidate include his/her ability to proactively research, suggest and implement new technologies as they meet business needs and represent the team in project related or environmental needs. Knowledge and skills in systems analysis, systems design and information architecture to effectively design and create production applications. Technician will need to be or become proficient in: Windows desktop support (all makes, Windows 7, Windows 8, Vista and XP OS, Mac) Windows server support (2003, 2008, 2012) Intel server support (preferably Dell) Exchange server support (2003, 2007, 2010, 2013) SQL Server support (2005, 2008, 2012) Citrix MetaFrame, Xen Server, Xen Desktop and Windows Terminal Services Web server support (IIS V6, V7, MS Application Center V5) Cisco routers, switches Cisco and Juniper Firewalls TCP/IP networking, IPV6 Smart Phones - all available OS Various client specific software applications There is no relocation assistance provided for this position. Only individuals authorized to work in the United States need apply to this position. The company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Competitive salary commensurate with experience, PTO and benefits available. Contact Information: For a confidential discussion of your background, credentials and interests email cover letter, resume and salary requirements with job ID in the subject line to: NO PHONE CALLS NO THIRD PARTY OR AGENCIES! 
company_name : C.A.S.S., Inc. NORMA Group Region Americas Safety Net Ascendum Solutions
city : Farmington, MI Auburn Hills, MI Brighton, MI Saline, MI
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      