job_id : 81ba04e019e80e7d         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Network Specialist
start_date : 
description: An exciting opportunity to work for a company that offers stability, longevity and growth: II-VI Incorporated provides a comprehensive career development platform within an environment that challenges employees to perform at their best, while rewarding excellence and hard-work through a competitive compensation program. Founded in 1971, II-VI Incorporated develops, manufactures and markets high-technology materials, devices and components which are used in industrial, medical, military, security and aerospace applications. Headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, II-VI Incorporated has additional manufacturing facilities throughout the US, as well as numerous locations in Europe and Asia. Function : Responsible for the planning, implementation, configuration and support of desktop hardware and software. Administer and operate the local network infrastructure and associated servers. Provides support to end user on computing and communications issues. Location : M Cubed Technologies, Inc., Newtown, CT JOB REQUIREMENTS : Education : BS in Information Science or Computer Technical School graduate Experience : 5 years of experience/Computer Technical School 2 years/BS degree in information Science/related Experience with problem analysis and resolution Demonstrated ability to achieve results independently or working with others Ability to recommend and implement improvements Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Experience with networked PC based computer system (MS Office, spreadsheets, access, graphics, Email, MRP systems, and accounting software) Special Skills: • Knowledge of the operations, inter-working, and repair of computer hardware. Knowledge of desktop (Windows 7 and XP) and server (Windows 2008/2003) operating systems and Microsoft Office. Experience with Microsoft Exchange administration. Working knowledge of network and data communication protocols and technologies. Demonstrated problem-solving and work prioritization skills and the ability to work independently. Must be self-motivated. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with end-users and management. Good command of spoken and written English. Excellent customer service skills including telephone techniques, listening skills, sense of urgency and enthusiasm. Willing to travel. Ability to handle multiple priorities involving external and internal priorities Ability to excel in a cross-organizational, cross cultural, global team environment Handle special assignments promptly and professionally Set a high standard of ethics, professionalism, leadership, and competency Due to ITAR compliance, this position requires candidates to be a U.S. Citizen, Permanent Resident Alien, or Protected Individual per 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) Demonstrates and promotes the II-VI Worldwide values: Customer First Honesty and Integrity Open Communications Teamwork Continuous Improvement and Learning Manage by the “Facts” A Safe, Clean and Orderly Workplace Job Element 30% Desktop Management And Support 25% Network, Hardware And Datacenter Operations 30% Service Delivery 5% Business Operations 5% Personal Development / Business Practices 5% Special Assignments We offer an attractive salary and an excellent benefits package designed to attract and retain individuals willing to accept the challenge and risk associated with being part of a successful company. Our benefits include a company-wide bonus incentive program, medical, dental and vision insurances, 401K program with a substantial match, profit sharing program, tuition reimbursement, life insurance, vacation and personal time, paid holidays, stock purchase program, computer purchase program and more. To apply, please send your cover letter and resume to DForstrom@mmmt.com with the job title in the subject line. We will contact you if your background meets our requirements, and we thank you for your interest in our company. Note to recruiters and employment agencies: We will not pay for unsolicited resumes from recruiters and employment agencies unless we have a signed agreement and have requested assistance, in writing, for a specific opening 
company_name : II-VI Incorporated Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration NEC Corporation of America State of Vermont
city : United States Rockville, MD California Barre, VT
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      