job_id : 808f9baba025f7a0         
businesscategory_name : 
title : APPLICATIONS AND NETWORK SUPPORT ADMINISTRATOR
start_date : 
description: Under supervision of the Sr. Director of Development & Support Services with guidance and direction from the Programmer V, responsible for back-up database and system administration, desktop support, PCI compliance and cyber-safety, application development, and training and development. Serve as first-tier support for application administration and desktop support. Ensure security of network (PCI compliance and Cyber-Safety), workstations and applications. Provide workstation support to 60+ end users, including instruction in application, hardware, and peripherals use in a Windows environment. Physical Demands: Lift materials weighing up to 25 lbs. Work Environment: Work occasional overtime as needed on short notice to meet operational needs. Valid CA driver's license to travel to meetings, seminars and training sessions. UC Davis is a smoke and tobacco free campus effective January 1, 2014. Smoking, the use of smokeless tobacco products, and the use of unregulated nicotine products (e-cigarettes) will be strictly prohibited on any UC Davis owned or leased property, indoors and outdoors, including parking lots and residential space. Background Check Required: This position is a critical position and subject to a background check. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of background investigation including criminal history and identity checks. Yes Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: -Experience administering MS SQL Server databases, and using SQL and statistical applications to perform data analysis and design relational databases. -Knowledge of validity standards, browser compatibility and accessibility requirements for individuals with disabilities. . -Experience operating and maintaining server operating systems such as MS Windows 2008; and configuring and maintaining multiple types of servers, including MS Exchange, SQL Servers and other common server services. -Experience utilizing hardware and software to secure networks and associated data in an enterprise-based professional arena. -Experience troubleshooting common end-user problems involving hardware, MS Office software, peripherals and connectivity. Preferred Qualifications: -Experience working with one or more arts-related systems (e.g. ticketing, volunteer management, event management, donation management or booking). -Experience supporting Microsoft SharePoint. -Knowledge of one or more campus computing systems (e.g. KFS, BANNER, IAIS or PPS). -Technical writing experience to document activities. -Interpersonal, customer service and communication skills to interact effectively with all constituents from diverse cultural backgrounds and perspectives. -Skills to recognize the need for and protect security of confidential information and sensitive issues/matters, including access to financial data; to exercise judgment, diplomacy and discretion. 
company_name : University of California, Davis Naval Medical Command Staples Army National Guard Units (Title 32)
city : Davis, CA San Diego, CA Elk Grove, CA Sacramento, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      