job_id : 89e9dc54d6e1c6fc         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT QA SPECIALIST (DCCU)
start_date : 
description: The IT Quality Assurance Specialist acts as part of a team of I.T. professionals focused on delivering high levels of customer satisfaction and guidance in the business strategy through the planned advent and usage of new and existing technology. The IT Quality Assurance Specialist does this through participation in the quality assurance team, analysis of new initiatives in relation to the existing product test case, as well as participation in project execution and preparation for production. Through these activities, the IT Quality Assurance Specialist will provide initial test and use case analysis, test case library updates, regular feedback to development teams, and quality output reports and metrics for initiatives. The right candidate will foster an environment of open communication, learning, quality customer service, problem-solving, risk management and idea generation. Responsibilities will include participation and deliverables within: Test case analysis and updates Project design input and analysis, as well as execution Quality of execution reporting and metrics Recommendations and project concepts Documentation Practices safety-conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures. The ideal candidate will hold an undergraduate degree in Information Systems or a related discipline, or will exhibit a comparable level of training and practical experience. Three or more years of relevant experience are required, particularly in software quality assurance and the SDLC process. Experience in agile development and test case management a plus. Candidate must be capable of successfully satisfying business need through maintaining high levels of quality assurance in development and implementation of software. A self-managed self-starter capable of balancing multiple tasks and proactively prioritizing work under changing conditions is a must. Should have the experience and skills needed to navigate complex organizations, including communication, interpersonal relations, and group development. Work history should show relevant experience within areas of the defined job responsibilities. Experience in financial services is a plus. Multi-task oriented. Critical thinking and problem solving skills are imperative. Complies with all Credit Union policies and procedures including those related to Bank Secrecy Act regulations. Must be performing satisfactorily in current position. 
company_name : Delta Air Lines Delta Air Lines Delta Air Lines Digicon Corporation
city : Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      