job_id : 89e51d2ac42d2d3a         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IAM Support Specialist (IT Specialist II), Information Technology
start_date : 
description: This position is a member of the Enterprise Applications Team serving as the Identity Access Management ( IAM ) second tier user support and administrator. Responsibilities include: Managing the provisioning life cycle for employees, students, and affiliate accounts to include validating access requests by job function, change of access and termination of access. Utilizing tools such as Active Directory, Exchange, eDirectory, and other 3 rd party and in-house software resources to complete provisioning tasks to include security permissions. Maintaining a repository of received access management forms and documentation. Serving as a central coordination point for all identity management matters. Identifying data quality issues and documenting the results. Supporting and assisting users with specialized problems about Active Directory users and groups, listservs, eGuide, email, or disk spaces; managing quota for user personal and departmental shared (P & S) drives. Monitoring and prioritizing requests based on Service Level Agreements to assign system administrators problem tickets generated by ITD’s FootPrints work order system; follow up on unsolved problems; escalate and inform technical staff. Creating, modifying, adding subscribers when needed, and discontinuing listserv lists that are no longer used for classes, faculty/staff, or departments. Serving as postmaster for the UTCStaff, UTCinfo, and Scrappy lists. Qualifications High School diploma or GED required ; Bachelor’s degree preferred. Must have 2-3 years of relevant job-related experience or a degree in Computer Science, Information systems or a closely related field. Must have understanding of IAM concepts around access requests and provisioning. Must have experience with computer operations, email, mailing lists. Prefer experience managing Microsoft Active Directory & Novell eDirectory users, Exchange. Must have knowledge of current hardware and software packages in one or more of operating systems (Windows, Linux). Must be self motivated, needing little supervision and willing to advance the current process with current, relevant and practical ideas. Must have a commitment to customer service; effective communication skills; ability to interact with a diverse group of faculty, staff and students; ability to work productively in teams. Job Information Technology Professional Primary Location US-Tennessee-Chattanooga Organization Computer Center Schedule Full-time Job Posting Aug 12, 2014, 4:44:18 PM 
company_name : University of Tennessee - Knoxville
city : Chattanooga, TN
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      