job_id : 81dbc8a7e60f2f42         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Support Technician I
start_date : 
description: - TEC00113 Description Primary Function: Provide hardware and software technical assistance to end users. Assumes lead on smaller scale projects. Responsibilities:  Experienced in evaluating, installing, testing, maintaining and supporting PCs and laptops, peripherals, printers, operating systems and applications.  Assists with evaluating and testing PC-based software packages to determine compatibility with existing systems.  Deploys desktop images using Microsoft SCCM and LANDesk technologies  Adheres to PC Support policies and procedures.  Assists employees with remote access connectivity.  Provides technical assistance and training to end-users.  Responds to problems and service requests within SLAs.  Images and deploys PC뭩.  Provides MAC support on telecom systems.  Coordinates and performs department moves.  Participates in small and large scale PC-related projects.  Maintains hardware and software inventory.  Creates and maintains end user documentation and SOP's.  Interfaces with local management and IT.  Interfaces with outside clients and vendors.  Provides hands-on support for Engineering Teams.  Supports and assists Service Desk technicians.  Provides PC Tier 2 support.  Participates in after-hours, on-call support.  Available to work extra hours as required, including nights and weekends.  Available to travel, as required. Requirements:  1 - 2 years of PC hardware/software support experience.  1 - 2 years of Microsoft desktop operating systems and desktop applications.  Experience with remote access troubleshooting.  Experience with PC imaging software.  Familiarity with networking and voice/data cabling.  Basic understanding of telephony and experience with Avaya VoIP.  Experience with basic server and Telco support.  Experience supporting smartphones, specifically iPhones, Androids.  Experience supporting AV and videoconferencing equipment.  Strong customer service and communication skills.  Must be detail oriented and have good organizational skills.  Ability to lift PCs and monitors.  Must be able to work extra hours as required.  Must be a team player.  Works well under pressure.  Ability to multitask.  A+ and Microsoft certification desired .  College degree a plus. Desired Skills:  Extensive working knowledge of the following technologies:  PC hardware  Microsoft desktop operating systems  Microsoft desktop applications  Other common desktop applications  Desktop support tools  Hands-on experience with the following technologies:  Apple MAC  Networking  Microsoft servers  Telecom  Classification: Non-Exempt Job IT Primary Location US-AZ-Phoenix - Allred Riverpoint Organization Tech Products Schedule Full-time 
company_name : Asurion Compucom Staffing Force FreshThyme Farmers Market
city : Phoenix, AZ Phoenix, AZ Phoenix, AZ Phoenix, AZ
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      