job_id : 85d90151d0c00a5f         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Information Technology Support Specialist
start_date : 
description: Cummins Power South is the official distributor for Cummins in Georgia, Florida, and the Chattanooga, Tennessee area. We provide diesel and alternative-fueled engines and power generation systems as well as sales, parts, service, and engineered solutions. At five certified Coach Care locations, we deliver top-to-bottom RV coach service. Most importantly, we strive to build our customers? trust through responsive customer support. Cummins Power South values its employees, and we want to equip each to be successful. We promote from within, provide training opportunities, and encourage learning and growth at every level of our organization. Currently, we are recruiting for a Information Technology Support Specialist for our Corporate Office located in Atlanta, GA . This position is responsible for supporting all organization technologies and providing technology application support and training. Primary duties include: User support and customer service on company supported computer applications, telephone systems, pc/server hardware and platforms. Troubleshoot problems and advise end-user or management on the appropriate actions. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Maintains a thorough knowledge of the organization and adheres to all organizational standards. Keeps immediate supervisor well-informed of activities and recommends corrective actions. Provides support for MS Windows applications and systems including but not limited to Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows Server. Provides tier 1 support for Business Management Systems(BMS) and all of it "add-on" components to all end users. Provides support for all CGD devices, Printers, network issues, remote connectivity, GPS devices, service tool application, approved software applications Escalates issues to proper support team(CBS, Cummins service tool,?) and tracks to resolution with end-user. Monitor daily operations of all IT systems. Provide support for all telephones systems setup and hardware issues. Maintains vendor contact on telephone systems issues. Utilizes the TrackIT System to track and route problems and requests and document resolutions and log all end-user interactions. Respond to requests for technical assistance in person, via phone, via Sametime, or email. Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues Research questions using available information resources Advise end-user on appropriate action Redirect problems to appropriate resource Identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention Stay current with system information, changes and updates ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Basic PC fundamentals with PC MS , Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP. Basic Server fundamentals with MS Windows Server Basic Network fundamentals including WAN/LAN, routers, switches, MPLS, QOS, COS,VLAN, VPN, VOIP Basic business fundamentals Understanding of business needs access control Hardware/software application installation both server and client Remote connectivity using aircards, wifi, VPN Mobile devices management Strong analytical and problem solving skills, particularly with respect IT and VOIP telephone systems Ability to work with multiple concurrent issues and projects with competing priorities. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills required, including the ability to interact with technical and business audiences at all levels. Customer service orientation MS Toolset Access, Excel and Powerpoint Ability to work as part of a team Ability to work with minimal supervision Stress tolerance Adaptability QUALIFICATIONS/KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Business Administration or related field or substantially equivalent non-degreed experience Minimum of 3 years experience in Information Technology or related field Knowledge of software design and development Knowledge of PC/server hardware functionality BENEFITS: Medical & Dental Insurance Coverage Short and long-term disability coverage, plus optional life and vision insurance Paid time off for vacations and holidays 401 (k) Retirement plan with company match Competitive starting salary We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, sex, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, or veteran status. 
company_name : Cummins Power South PwC Pindrop Security Fulton County Schools
city : Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Fulton County, GA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      