job_id : 898b8c7d9dc9279f         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Technician (Raleigh, NC)
start_date : 
description: Job Description This position is in support of the United States Attorneys Office in Raleigh, NC at 310 New Bern Ave. The estimated length of this assignment is through May 31, 2015 with the possibility of FOUR (4) one year extensions. Some infrequent travel may be needed for trial support in various court locations throughout the District. The PC Technician will perform the following tasks, but not limited to: Responsible for the set-up, on-site maintenance, and diagnostic services for personal computers, laptops, multi-function printers, scanners, external storage devices, and other IT equipment. Assists and fixes EVoIP voice mail and related mailbox issues. Work with users to connect video-teleconferencing equipment. Assists maintaining the stability of the overall network platform by troubleshooting personal computer software and hardware issues, to include re-imaging workstations when needed. Responds to helpdesk calls and assists users to correct operating and hardware problems. Recommends equipment/software improvements or fixes. Installs new hardware and software as well as upgrades. Makes relevant operating system changes to PCs and performs requisite maintenance on equipment not covered under warranty or arranges for other maintenance as required. Perform others duties as necessary. Basic Qualifications *Proven excellent written and oral communication skills. *Excellent end user interaction skill required. *Experience performing repairs, maintenance and troubleshooting on Windows based personal computers. *Experience performing repairs, maintenance and troubleshooting in LAN or WAN environment. *Should have hands-on familiarity with a variety of computer applications, including word processing, database, spreadsheet, imaging, and telecommunications. *Ability to consistently deliver highest quality of work under extreme pressure will be very important. *Some walking, standing, bending and carrying of small office items as well a PC equipment. *Ability to obtain a security clearance. *Must be a U.S. Citizen. Desired skills *Experience working on other Government contracts preferred, especially in litigation support environment in conjunction with basic qualifications and/or equivalent level of training. *Graduation from a recognized computer repair training program or equivalent experience strongly preferred. *Proficient in Microsoft Office software programs (i.e., Word, Excel, Outlook, MS Access or other data bases), Word Perfect and Adobe Acrobat Professional + more, strongly preferred. *Current or active clearance. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): Raleigh North Carolina 
company_name : Lockheed Martin CACI International Inc USIS VayuInc
city : Raleigh, NC Raleigh, NC Raleigh, NC Raleigh, NC
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      