job_id : 97e99aa4db4cb984         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Support Technician
start_date : 
description: Position Summary: This position will receive, respond to, and provide resolutions on employee PC, (desktop, laptop, thin client), problems submitted through Issue Track. Incumbent will assist and provide requested back up to Network Engineers and Administrators. Work will be done in a manner which promotes teamwork and efficiency and results in a positive customer experience. Under direction from management and/or senior Support Specialists, and with support and assistance from peers, involvement will take place in all phases of the PC life cycle. Essential Functions: 65% Support end users in a timely and efficient manner with issues that include, but are not limited to: imaging, configuring, and repairing both physical and virtual PCs; removing virus and spyware; resolving performance and connectivity issues; and also configuring and troubleshooting peripheral devices which may include printers, copiers, audio visual, telephony, network wiring, and data storage. Provide assistance to Network Engineers and Administrators on special projects. 20% Install and remove software from PC's based upon user need and appropriate licensing. Dispose of old or obsolete hardware and software according to business procedures. 10% Document problem solutions within Issue Track system; report inventory changes for software, PC's, and printers. 5% Performs miscellaneous duties as assigned. Job Requirements Requirements: High school diploma or equivalent. Minimum of 1 year of experience in PC problem determination and resolution. Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft Windows workstation operating systems. Demonstrates knowledge of security standards in various environments. Positions working on specific contracts may require U.S. Citizenship. Because of the nature and immediacy of the work, the ability to maintain regular and predictable attendance is essential. Behaviors: Technical expertise Customer service Teamwork Attention to detail Oral/written communication Flexibility Additional Comments: Ability to carry phone for off hours coverage. Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist Certification preferred. A+ Certification is a plus. Work Environment: Sensitivity level of information handled in position: medium This position is not eligible for sponsorship for work authorization by Telligen. Therefore, if you will require sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, we cannot consider your application at this time. Telligen and its affiliates are Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability) and E-Verify Participants. 
company_name : Telligen Fiserv Iowa Department of Administrative Services Transcentra
city : West Des Moines, IA West Des Moines, IA Polk County, IA Urbandale, IA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      