job_id : 943bffc408fb8724         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Support
start_date : 
description: We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join our team of System Administrators that are responsible for a heterogeneous computing environment comprising of Windows, Macintosh and some Linux systems and peripherals. The ideal candidate will be well versed in a mix of technologies with an emphasis and motivation to take charge in supporting and maintaining our Windows workstations and servers. Candidate must be able to go above and beyond installation of software and have depth in configuration. Must be able to work in a team to plan, develop, and deploy scalable solutions across hundreds of machines, not simply apply one-time fixes. Responsibilities: Provide desktop support for corporate users in the Redwood City & global offices (E.G. troubleshooting laptop, network, and printer related issues). Answer helpdesk trouble tickets in a timely and professional manner. Ensure that IT operations are running smoothly and that all corporate users’ needs are met. Maintain up to date documentation on work accomplished and asset inventory items. Setup new hires (E.G. desktop/laptops, printer access, email, and office phone), and educate them on IT processes and inform how to submit trouble tickets. Potentially provide 24x7 on-call support. Requirements: Minimum 5 years of desktop support experience in a fast paced, corporate environment. Exemplary customer service skills and the ability to communicate with all different levels of employees in the organization. Proficiency in Windows administration (company standard is Windows 7), including Active Directory and Exchange Utilizing imaging tools to build Windows client computers; managing local and remote installations of applications on those computers. Experience troubleshooting Windows client issues including wired and wireless networking, peripheral, file, print, email, antivirus, and malware. Able to rack and stack server and network equipment in a datacenter; able to lift up to 50 lbs. Experience with Remote Desktop support tools and supporting remote users. Experience troubleshooting laptop and server hardware issues. Experience supporting Blackberry devices and Blackberry Enterprise Server. Able to work autonomously by setting goals and completing them with minimal supervision. Solid experience with Microsoft Office 2007 and Office 2010. Demonstrated experience supporting non-technical users in day to day Windows client usage, including ability to proactively educate users on how to get the most out of their computers and IT services. Excellent organizational skills and keen attention to detail. Interest in self-improvement – able to learn new technologies and willing to take on new challenges. Candidate must have at least a Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field with 5+ years of experience in Microsoft Windows systems administration Experience with Apple products ( iPhone, iPad, and Mac OS X), basic Linux administration experience and/or experience with VMWare client and server concepts is a plus. YuMe is a leading independent provider of digital video brand advertising solutions. Its proprietary data-science driven technologies and large audience footprint drive inventory monetization and enable advertisers to reach targeted, brand receptive audiences across a wide range of Internet-connected devices. Designed to serve the specific needs of brand advertising, YuMe’s technology platform simplifies the complexities associated with delivering effective digital video advertising campaigns in today’s highly-fragmented market. YuMe (NYSE: YUME) is headquartered in Redwood City, CA with European headquarters in London and eight additional offices worldwide. This is a rare opportunity to be part of an organization that driving the shift of TV brand advertising to digital. ***PRINCIPALS ONLY*** YuMe is currently NOT accepting resumes/applications from third party recruiting agencies. Any unsolicited resumes/applications will be deemed a gift and no fee shall be due to the agency. 
company_name : YuMe Progreso Financiero WilmerHale Technosoft Corporation
city : Redwood City, CA Redwood City, CA Palo Alto, CA San Mateo, CA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      