job_id : 92bf708bcddc39f7         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Support Technician
start_date : 
description: ***This is a service desk position, resolving issues via phone and not in the field*** The primary purpose of the IT Support position is to provide remote and direct desktop support for customers throughout the institution. An IT Support technician p rovides analysis of business, processes, and management problems in terms of system and customer-department requirements and acts to remediate issues at the desktop and system level . Key Functions 1. Assists customers and customer departments’ support personnel in resolving complex hardware, software, integration, and operating system-level problems in the desktop environment including but not limited to: on-site asset installation, problem diagnosis/resolution and advisory information in the use of desktop assets. Performs refresh functions as assigned. Resolution of issues may include operating system programming, software configuration, and hardware adjustments. 2. Identifies problems, applies optimum solutions and communicates the resolutions to the customers, management and other support personnel. This includes independently making recommendations on additional hardware and software within institutional guidelines to meet unique customer needs. 3. Participates in project assignments as needed within an operational environment. Maintains project flow and is responsive to institutional needs. 4. Owns assigned issues, maintains complete, accurate and up-to-date incident tracking information via institutional incident ticketing system through the lifespan of assigned issues, escalates to appropriate support departments where appropriate and follows up with those departments until a solution is found and customer satisfaction has been determined. 5. Provides on-the-job training to co-workers in the handling of routine requests and coordination duties. 6. Participates in 360 evaluations as requested. 7. Fully participates in training plan as appropriate to position title. 8. Other duties as assigned. Job Description - Requirements EDUCATION Required High school diploma or equivalent. EXPEREINCE Required: Three years experience with desktop, mobile computing and/or network, including problem analysis/resolution, and installation. Preferred: Experience in multi-platform and complex software environment. Three years’ experience with both telephone and on-site based delivery of mainframe, microcomputer, and LAN support services, including problem analysis/resolution, and installation. (Advanced Education years a plus) It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html 
company_name : MD Anderson Cancer Center Cook Compression Aldridge TransCore
city : Houston, TX Houston, TX Houston, TX Houston, TX
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      