job_id : 94f93d93aab187e9         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Technical Specialist
start_date : 
description: Provides in-depth technical expertise & direction in the development and support of client area application systems/programming requirements and processes (e.g. new, enhancements or maintenance), in the preparation of application system specifications, and in the development, testing, and implementation of efficient, cost effective application solutions. Key responsibilities include: · Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures. · Serve as technical expert or lead projects/programs and technical staff to build out warehouse content, or implement operational improvements or devise new approaches to problems at the division/business unit. · Conduct investigation activity/research and give technical advice to the adoption or integration of new data warehouse content, technologies and their business impact. · Lead in the development of standards and procedures and publish/communicate findings via IOI’s, presentations, white papers, etc. · Review, validate & enhance design, conduct performance monitoring and capacity planning; install, test and upgrade releases and associated products. · Evaluate & recommend new software, utilities, and tools. · Set the strategy for implementing new technologies. · In specialized analytical software (ie. Cognos, Business Objects, QlikView, SPSS Modeler) effectively set options, assist in version updates, and facilitate test to production migrations and other package-specific activities. · Directs a development team for a major project, often utilizing a mix of various levels of analysts, responsible for subsystems of the overall project, directing the work of less experienced analysts and programmers. Draws on the expertise of technical resources within AbbVie and outside vendors. · Will partner with peer technical teams that provide development and support of the system, as well as vendor (on-site and off-shore) resources. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Qualifications Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent job experience Plus 7-10 years’ experience Five or more years of BI solutions development and/or in above areas. Preferred: · Understanding of data warehousing, business intelligence and master data management systems concepts. · Experience in designing and building Data Marts/Warehouses · Experience with Teradata, and Oracle · Knowledge of reporting tools such as Qlikview or Cognos BI · Ability to work independently and in a team environment. · Demonstrated ability to lead teams through software implementation process and general issue resolution. · Effective interpersonal and communication skills (both oral and written). · Able to understand the business needs relating to assigned data domains. · Ability to understand the impact of business processes on overall data flows and data architecture to make improvement recommendations. · Ability to learn and adapt new technologies. · Ability to build complex SQL queries, analyze data and generate insights and reports from the data. Significant Work Activities and Conditions Continuous sitting for prolonged periods (more than 2 consecutive hours in an 8 hour day) Job Classification : Experienced Job : INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Primary Location : USA-Illinois-Lake County Organization : PPD-US Pharma Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time 
company_name : AbbVie HCSC Allstate Corporate CDW
city : Lake County, IL Waukegan, IL Northbrook, IL Lake Forest, IL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      