job_id : 9344c527acec7fec         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk Specialist 1
start_date : 
description: - 140027960 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank is seeking an enthusiastic Help Desk Specialist with problem resolution and strong customer support experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives. Provides first line of support and problem resolution for technology products or applications. Responds to inquiries and requests for assistance with organization's computer systems or PCs and resolves customer inquiries for one or more products or services. Analyzes simple to moderate issues and determines appropriate technical area or vendor to resolve problems. Maintains written documentation for each call; escalates complex problems to the next level of support as required by documented procedures; communicates efficiently and effectively with customers. Responds to customer calls, e-mail, chat, and other request tools for technical support. Displays sensitivity to callers' needs and situations. Actively uses and updates the knowledge of product in order to resolve issues. Understands and desires to meet individual and Service Center goals. Mentors team members to broaden team knowledge and technical skills. Successful applicants will exemplify US Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Associate's degree or equivalent work experience ITIL Service Management Foundation certification At least 1 year experience with tools and techniques for maintaining an environment where all understand, and are committed to, providing excellent service to internal and external customers. At least 1 year experience with providing effective and efficient real-time support for a variety of desk-top technology users. Preferred Skills/Experience Basic understanding in: Remote computing Technical troubleshooting Help desk Telecommunications PC/workstation hardware Server hardware Server software IT environment Application development tools Working experience in: Hand-held device software PC/workstation software Application delivery process Job Information Technology Primary Location Oregon-OR-Portland Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40 
company_name : U.S. Bank Cascadia Behavioral Healthcare, Inc Technosoft Corporation Mavensoft Technologies, LLC.
city : Portland, OR Portland, OR Portland, OR Hillsboro, OR
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      