job_id : 92a899f440304f09         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Training Brain Repository/G2X-R Help Desk Technician
start_date : 
description: Put your years of experience into a future of excellence at CGI Federal. We are seeking a Training Brain Repository/G2X-R Help Desk Technician to support operations in our Newport News, VA location. Position Summary: Synopsis: The Training Brain Operations Center (TBOC) provides the central management for the Training Brain. The Training Brain facilitates and acts as the principal enabler for continuous learning across all TRADOC lines of effort through acquiring, analyzing, creating, organizing, applying and transferring data, information, and knowledge in the context of current and future operations. The Training Brain quickly and accurately represents the Operational Environment (OE) using a set of dynamic, integrated analytical processes, information technologies, knowledge networks, and tailored delivery applications. It connects with, develops, and maintains real-world databases necessary to replicate the complex, competitive nature of the OE. The Training Brain seeks out, explores, and integrates technologies and methods to assist in representing environments, events, and capabilities across all Doctrine, Organization, Training, Materiel, Leadership, Personnel, and Facilities (DOTMLPF) domains. Duty is at the TBOC in Newport News, VA. Basic Functions: Help desk support responsible for providing technical assistance and support related to computer systems, hardware, or software. Responds to queries, isolates problem, and determines and implements solution. Primary Duties and Responsibilities: ? Achieve expert level knowledge of Training Brain Repository Application ? Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware. ? Respond to queries either in person or over the phone. ? Respond to email messages for customers seeking help ? Ability to identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention ? Follow standard help desk procedures ? Maintain daily log of interactions ? Redirect problems to correct resource ? Ask questions to determine nature of problem. ? Walk customer through problem-solving process. ? Stay current on system information, updates and changes. ? Follow up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved. ? Gain feedback from customers about system Background Requirements: ? Previous experience with help desk support. ? Ability to track problems through completion ? Strong customer service skills. ? Strong oral and written communication ? Strong problem-solving skills ? Attention to detail. ? Ability to operate under stress. ? Experience in Army training environment, preferred. ? Experience with Web-based applications, preferred Conditions of Hire: ? High School Diploma is mandatory, Bachelor?s Degree is preferred. ? Secret Clearance ? Working knowledge of military networks (NIPR & SIPR). ? Working knowledge of web-based applications. Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required. At CGI, we?re a team of builders. We call our employees members because all who join CGI are building their own company - one that has grown to 68,000 professionals located in 40 countries. Founded in 1976, CGI is a leading IT and business process services firm committed to helping clients succeed. We have the global resources, expertise, stability and dedicated professionals needed to achieve results for our clients - and for our members. Come grow with us. Learn more at www.cgi.com. This is a great opportunity to join a winning team. CGI offers a competitive compensation package with opportunities for growth and professional development. Benefits for full-time, permanent members start on the first day of employment and include a paid time-off program and profit participation and stock purchase plans. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position, however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. No unsolicited agency referrals please. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability. Skills: 
company_name : CGI
city : Newport News, VA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      