job_id : 9982e443abb1e40c         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Help Desk Analyst
start_date : 
description: Job Description Support in-house help desk team by taking a variety of IT related calls including IT hardware consisting of PC’s, Printers, Routers, Servers, and UPS; calls involving Mainframe and Network software Telecommunications and Datacomm problems. Tasks include: Receive calls for assistance, elicit information, and perform hardware and software diagnostic procedures including use of utility programs in diagnosis and troubleshooting of IT hardware and software. Refer Tier 2 calls to technical staff via Remedy or service providers Resume or restore mainframe, LAN and user IDs and passwords through RACF or Active Directory Restart or reset local and remote hardware devices using Able to diagnose and coordinate the repair of products by dispatching and tracking the work of appropriate Service Providers. Makes appropriate use of reference publications and diagnostic aids in resolving technical problems. Qualifications Education: 2 year college degree or equivalent technical study Role Description: – Provide service and preventive maintenance activities on element exchange/baseline products (products with element exchange service and traditional maintenance philosophies; i.e., terminals, printers, personal computers, etc.).Take active role in suggesting peripheral equipment. Detect and correct equipment errors. Prioritize and schedule own workload. Needs technical assistance on complex problems Assist in coordination of changes, upgrades and new products, ensuring systems will operate correctly in current and future environment. Provide accurate and complete answers to general use and administrative environment questions in a timely manner. Implement shared software, such as operating systems, configuration management tools Communicate accurate and useful status updates. Manage and report time spent on all work activities. Follow quality standards. Ability to work in a team environment Complete assigned tasks. Strong communication skills; both written and spoken. Plus the following: Knowledge of system relationships and telecommunications. Application of technical skill to a variety of equipment types. Diagnoses and repairs industry systems products. Perform routine service and repairs on industry system products without assistance. Anticipate and resolve issues specific to the team. Determine time estimates and schedule for own work and resolve issues in a timely manner. Identify and track issues, risks and action items. Additional Information null 
company_name : Elite Tec Information Unlimited Inc. Professional Technology Integration, Inc. Fast Switch, Ltd.
city : Harrisburg, PA Harrisburg, PA Harrisburg, PA Harrisburg, PA
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      