job_id : 941aaad600ce3672         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Tech
start_date : 
description: General Purpose : The technician will need to develop and investigate his own techniques and style of troubleshooting to eventually master the continually changing applications and hardware that define the need for this position. One of the most important aspects of the technician’s job is to handle all meeting space setups and group technology business. The tech will need to set Phone and High Speed Internet access lines for groups and in-house meetings, as they are needed. The tech will need to have these set and tested pre meeting, and be ready to respond to the guests changing needs as pop up requests arise. As technology is an essential part of business meetings, service and a can do attitude are a must. Essential Duties/Responsibilities: · Administration, security, installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of all site hardware and software. · Support of end user, infrastructure, back office and guest environments. · Develop and maintaining documentation of all hardware, systems and software licensing. · Technical on site project assistance for installations and upgrades of property systems and hardware. · Vendor communication. · Maintain DH&R IT audit compliance. · Maintain PCI compliance. · Communicate and enforce adherence to all DH&R IT security standards, practices and requirements. Technology implementer partnering with site departments to develop criterion for software system implementation, upgrades and enhancements. Elevate issues as appropriate to senior IT resources after due diligence and review. · Liaison for communication of DH&R IT requirements, practices and standards to site. · Provide on call 24x7 error resolution for site hardware and systems. Required Qualifications Job Qualifications: Certification in MCP, MCSA, MCSE, MCSD, A+, or systems currently used at property preferred. Experience with Microsoft software required. Experience in a networked computer environment. Excellent oral and written communications skills required. Knowledge of wireless (Wi-Fi) systems Previous Hotel or Resort experience desired. Must be able to work flexible days/hours – some on-call duty is required. · Must be able to lift 20 pounds or more. · Be able to be on your feet and walk the property for long periods. · Must be able to communicate and work well with all departments. Preferred Qualifications 
company_name : Destination Hotels & Resorts White Sands Treatment Center University of Miami TEKsystems
city : Miami, FL Miami, FL Coral Gables, FL Miami, FL
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      