job_id : 95b3b7e8aa5ef5fa         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Administrator II
start_date : 
description: Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. Mission Solutions Group has a job opportunity for a Systems Administrator. Summary: Provide IT System Administration, System Operation, and laboratory technical support services at the NUWC Newport Weapons Analysis Facility (WAF). Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors and tunes the system the system to achieve optimum performance levels. Support resolution of laboratory technical issues and user difficulties Provide general repair and maintenance support to laboratory PCs and peripheral equipment, including system upgrades, new software packages, and patches Schedules installations and upgrades and maintains them in accordance with established IT policies and procedures. Install, update, configure and maintain LINUX systems Perform preventative monitoring and performance analysis Troubleshoot hardware, software and network-related issues Support general laboratory operations Job Requirements: Education: The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field. A lesser degree, combined with additional years of directly-related experience, will be considered Experience: Minimum of three years of directly-related experience A+ Certification required Linux Certification required; Significant Linux experience required Familiarity with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office Other Requirement: Must be able to obtain Secret security clearance. Active Secret Clearance preferred Skills: Developed systems administration skills Good computer and business solutions software skills Good oral and written communication skills Interpersonal skills to interact with team members and to work effectively with team members, support personnel, and clients. Analytical and problem solving skills for design, creation and testing of programs Ability: M ust be able to work independently or on a team performing semi-routine tasks. Ability to work under tight time constraints with changing requirements. Have the ability to multi-task in a dynamic environment Demonstrated ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly. Able to handle and comfortable in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment. ADA Notations : Regular communication (hearing/speaking). Noise conditions range from very quiet to very noisy. Prolonged use of computer (typing/keyboarding). Frequently required to sit for long periods of time, stand, walk, and may occasionally lift and move at least 25 pounds. Ability to travel by car, air or other means of transportation, if required. Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers, Minority/Female/Disability/Vets . 
company_name : Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. Axius Technologies Inc Brown University Rite-Solutions, Inc.
city : Newport, RI Cumberland, RI Providence, RI Middletown, RI
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      