job_id : 97a667565674aa20         
businesscategory_name : 
title : IT Specialist
start_date : 
description: Job Description We have an excellent opportunity for an IT Administrator. It will support the company in daily operational tasks . This is an inside position, with responsibility for software and hardware needs. We are looking for someone to help make a difference in our company and our industry. We are seeking candidates with an accreditation in Computer Science, Business, Engineering or similar disciplines. A BS degree is preferred. Candidates should possess solid analytical skills, leadership ability, excellent communication skills, plus a desire to learn new systems & software. Responsible for overall systems administration, direction, PC, MAS 500 & Network maintenance, back up, restoration and performance optimization. Coordinates with each individual department as needed and resolves continuing problems to ensure that technology is appropriate. Manage business continuity , including needs analysis, design, plan development , implementation and documentation. Recognizes, identifies, isolates and resolve problems with products and services. Maintains data storage systems and performs system back-ups. Develops and maintains a matrix of local and wide area network systems. Experience in Small Business, Manufacturing, Sales or Operations a plus. This is a hand’s on and people's position. Qualifications IT background 2-3 years Ideal candidate will posses BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field Strong desire to succeed Solid Background in software & infrastructure. Familiarity with Sql Server and Crystal Reports desired Understanding of HTML and Joomla Familiarity with ERP System Functionality Ideal candidate will have a background in manufacturing or commercial or industrial accounts Computer software literate. Experience in working with Microsoft supported server/workstation operating system, Windows networking and infrastructure support Detailed oriented with strong organizational and follow through skills. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills Positive professional demeanor and appearance to at as a positive representative of the company Energetic, self – motivated team player Ability to adapt to changing industry demands and internal & external factors. Problem solver, offering practical thinking and approaches when applicable, providing sound analysis and judgment when making decisions and or recommendations Additional Information Benefits We recognize people as our most valuable asset. Our competitive salary and benefits package includes a retirement plan, dental insurance, medical insurance, prescription drug coverage, life insurance, paid sick time, casual dress, paid company holidays, free parking, and paid vacations. Belmont Metals Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Pre-employment drug screening required. All resumes are held in confidence. No recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract. Principals only. Relocation costs not covered by employer All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
company_name : Belmont Metals The Durst Organization Extended Home Care Loove Music
city : Brooklyn, NY New York, NY New York, NY Brooklyn, NY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      