job_id : 9057fa08d05a9344         
businesscategory_name : 
title : PC Support Technician
start_date : 
description: This position will provide technical support services in support of Yuma Proving Ground supporting various COTS & GOTS applications. The applicant is expected to respond to user requests for assistance by analyzing symptoms of deficiency, evaluating possible causes of problem, engineering a timely and cost-effective solution based on training and experience and implementing a resolution. Use of remote troubleshooting tools where applicable. Common problems include login problems, operation of Microsoft Office, email, network connectivity, printer, remote access, scanner operation and Blackberry operations. Either resolve request for assistance or immediately escalate request for further assistance. Maintain current status of work in supplied Service Desk automated ticket system. Establish, maintain and troubleshoot network connectivity including shared files and email. Maintain technical expertise in all areas of network and computer hardware and software. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Pay Rate: DOE Mandatory Qualifications: Must be a U.S. Citizen. Must have a valid driver’s license, without restrictions. Must be able to obtain a secret security clearance prior to hire and maintain it through employment with TRAX. Must possess a High School diploma. Must have 3-5 years directly related experience (relevant schooling may be substituted for experience). Requires in-depth experience and broad working knowledge/skills in customer relations and understanding of customer service techniques. Must have strong troubleshooting abilities. Must be able to work variable shifts including nights and weekends. Must have experience with Microsoft Windows XP/Vista/7, Microsoft Office 2007, PC compatible laptops and desktops, Personal and network printers, Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.0 or later. IAW DoD8570.01M, applicants will be required to meet the certification requirements outlined in DoD 8570.01M Table AP3.T2 for an IAT Level II position. Physical Qualifications: Must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screening and physical. Must be able to work in an office setting and occasionally perform work outdoors. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, sit, demonstrate manual dexterity, climb stairs, talk, hear and see. Must be able to lift and carry 50 lbs unassisted. Desired Qualifications: Certifications - A+, Network+, and Security+ Previous experience with DoD Information Assurance OPEN UNTIL FILLED Other Job Information (if applicable) TRAX is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability. TRAX Test Services promotes a drug/alcohol free work environment through the use of mandatory pre-employment drug testing and on-going random drug testing, as per applicable State Laws. Must be able to obtain a security clearance prior to employment and maintain security clearance for the duration of employment. TRAX Test Services also encompasses four subcontracts to include: VETS, Westech, Spiral and Miratek. All positions with TRAX can always be transferred to one of the four subcontracts. 
company_name : TRAX Test Services
city : Yuma Proving Ground, AZ
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      