job_id : 972c17d27004d4ec         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Computer Systems Analyst
start_date : 
description: TITLE: Computer Systems Analyst DUTIES: Analyze business and system requirements to implement and improve customer service processes through the use of the KANA Enterprise proprietary software. Responsible for analyzing business challenges for clients to recommend and implement the correct technology solution. Review workflow and recommend solutions. Facilitate business process requirement and design workshops, to ensure best practice use of KANA Enterprise software capabilities. Create requirements and design documentation, ensuring client requirements are met and KANA Enterprise software is utilized appropriately. Work with the KANA development team to ensure software is developed according to client business requirements and design. Complete configuration of KANA software products. Create testing processes and conditions to test the KANA Enterprise software. Identify any software issues and work with engineering and support to resolve those issues. Responsible for timely delivery of highly proprietary and specialized software. Manage proprietary Ciboodle software delivery and implementation for customers. May telecommute. Report to Chicago, IL office. Travel to client sites for project implementations up to 100% of time. REQUIRES: Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related technical field followed by 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate experience in computer systems analysis. Experience must include: Deep knowledge of the KANA product set and the ability to configure and assess the fit into the client’s IT environment. Experience with KANA Enterprise application techniques and customized solution designs. Experience with KANA’s proprietary administration tool. Experience ensuring that the creation of features, the customization of various systems, support and integration for the KANA Enterprise software will function properly for the customer. Specialized knowledge of KANA’s customized implementation methodology. May telecommute. Report to Chicago, IL office. Position requires travel to client sites for project implementations up to 100% of time. Requires pre-employment background check. OTHER: Employer: Kana Software, Inc. Job site: 30 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606. 40 hours/week. If offered employment, must have legal right to work in U.S. EOE. CONTACT: Megan Coen, Kana Software, Inc., 840 W. California Ave., Suite 100, Sunnyvale, CA 94086. Please refer to Job Code: 20140805KF. As an equal opportunity employer, Verint Systems Inc. prides itself in providing employees with a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. This means we are committed to providing equal opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to one’s race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, creed, genetic predisposition or carrier status, sexual orientation, Veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, compensation, training, leave of absence or termination. 
company_name : Kana InfoReach, Inc. Huxley Associates ManTech
city : Chicago, IL Chicago, IL Chicago, IL United States
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      