job_id : 96e241674484e068         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Desktop Engineer - Legacy Telehealth Program
start_date : 
description: The Desktop Engineer monitors server and client systems and provides integrated team support and maintenance of hardware and software. The Legacy Telehealth program provides the infrastructure, coordination, and support necessary to exchange medical information electronically between Legacy’s hospitals and partners throughout the region. Community hospitals and providers have 24/7 access to Legacy’s full range of adult and pediatric specialists and sub-specialists. This access helps facilitate prompt and accurate diagnosis, as well as the development and implementation of appropriate treatment plans. As part of this service Legacy has partnered with InTouch to invest in the equipment for telemedicine consults. Using remote presence technology, Legacy physicians are able to consult with patients in the inpatient and outpatient settings. This technology position, in partnership with InTouch and the Legacy Telehealth team, is responsible for providing the IS technical and infrastructure requirements, implementation, and troubleshooting required for providing a high level of customer service to our Telehealth customers. Job Qualifications: Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent experience. Experience: Two to four years experience in information technology, system design, or engineering. Experience with the following: Operating system and utility software, Netware, Zenworks, Citrix, WindowsXP, Windows2000, Windows 2003, Windows terminal server, server backup, virus protection, terminal emulation, remote access systems, and browsers. Expertise with the Microsoft Suite of Applications and Intel-based computer hardware with an emphasis on HP servers, PCs and laptops. Additional preferred experience: Previous experience with network and client connectivity, network operating systems, network management and utility software, Cisco Software (IOS) and Cisco ASA technologies. Understanding of network protocols and topologies: TCP/IP, SNMP, Ethernet, firewall rules, VPN, wireless, and remote access technologies. Installation of physical connections and ability to troubleshoot connectivity problems. Ability to perform Wireless and LAN site surveys. Understanding of audio/video infrastructure and connectivity concepts and support. Skills: Knowledge of project management concepts and skills. Knowledge of health care technology and working with community providers in a professional setting. General Accountabilities: Documentation of Telehealth sites and their technical infrastructure for troubleshooting purposes. End user support/training and end user application support. Partner with In-Touch and Solutionz Vendors in supporting the Telehealth robotic, videoconference, and end user devices (laptops, desktops, etc.). Participates in the planning, developing, coordinating, and evaluating process for implementing a variety of programs. Assist the Telehealth Program Team in meeting the program objectives and maintaining high levels of customer service satisfaction. 
company_name : Legacy Health System
city : Portland, OR
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      