job_id : 95d5ede0ac6939e6         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Technical Analyst
start_date : 
description: Job Summary : The nature and scope of the Technical Analyst is to: under the direction of the technical manager participated in maintaining a PSO data repository with high quality, high integrity data. This position acts as a liaison with EI, IT, DSS and other departments to manage and insure timely receipt of accurate data. The technical analyst is responsible for planning, organizing and implementing data acquisition from many disparate systems and transforming them into usable data marts for the PSO user community. The technical analyst is competent in managing SQL server and writing sql code to manage and manipulate data. The technical analyst plans, creates and develops PSO reporting tools as requested following the CHI established SDLC process. Key Responsibilities : Works with payer strategy and operations staff to develop and maintain a matrix for user needs and the associated system requirements and enhancements. Assists in the building and maintenance of all analytics tools, participate as a key team member for integration of those solutions Trains and mentors users in the navigation, execution, and functions of the analytic systems. Works with PSO/EI staff to develop programs that will enhance the database and file structure to meet specific technical and advanced reporting needs. Responsible for the technical audit and integrity of the systems, to include load schedules, updates and communications to key users. Assists with current/future implementations of analytic system solutions. Works as a liaison between the EI technical staff and support, ITS to provide ongoing support of the database including the update of extracts and information maintenance. Uses technical and programming expertise to suggest and provide solutions to the advanced reporting needs for the PSO team. Qualifications Education : Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, informatics, or related discipline required. Verifiable and sustained experience may substitute for formal education. Healthcare experience required. Experience : 2 years of programming or development experience working with relational databases using SQL server, SSMS, SSIS, and SSRS. Payer, Finance or Decision Support experience required. Healthcare experience strongly preferred. Managed care knowledge preferred. Must be a team player and enjoy working in complex and challenging situations. License/Certification: None required. Additional Responsibilities : • Demonstrates a commitment to service, organization values and professionalism through appropriate conduct and demeanor at all times • Adheres to and exhibits our core values: Reverence : Having a profound spirit of awe and respect for all creation, shaping relationships to self, to one another and to God and acknowledging that we hold in trust all that has been given to us. Integrity : Moral wholeness, soundness, uprightness, honesty and sincerity as a basis of trustworthiness. Compassion : Feeling with others, being one with others in their sorrows and joys, rooted in the sense of solidarity as members of the human community. Excellence : Outstanding achievement, merit, virtue; continually surpassing standards to achieve/maintain quality. • Maintains confidentiality and protects sensitive data at all times • Adheres to organizational and department specific safety standards and guidelines • Works collaboratively and supports efforts of team members • Demonstrates exceptional customer service and interacts effectively with physicians, patients, residents, visitors, staff and the broader health care community Catholic Health Initiatives and its organizations are Equal Opportunity Employers. Job Information Technology Primary Location United States Shift 1 Scheduled Hours per 2-week Pay Period 80 Weekends Required None Status Full Time 
company_name : Franciscan Health System JPMorgan Chase Eaton Bank of America
city : United States New York, NY United States Jersey City, NJ
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      