job_id : 93c06d460608895f         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Business Systems Analyst
start_date : 
description: DETAILS: Requisition #: 202965171 Job Category: Information Systems Operation: SCS Alpharetta IT Application Development Job Group: FT Supervisor Job Grade: 20E Job Code: 4358 Relocation Assist Available: No Location: LOUISVILLE, KY 40223 - Morris Road Location JOB DESCRIPTION: Business Systems Analyst – Warehouse Management Operating Systems Are you looking to launch your Information Technology career? If so, then UPS is the place for you! UPS is now recognized as a technology company spending more than $1 billion a year on information technology. UPS provides its customers unparalleled capability in tracking and distribution intelligence. This technological infrastructure also enables UPS to provide fully integrated Web-enabled, business-to-business solutions. UPS Information Services, a leader in information technology, is currently seeking career-minded individuals to join our team. If you are highly motivated with a degree in Computer Science or related discipline, then UPS is a great place for you to advance your career. Job Description: The Business Systems Analyst works with some supervision on projects of moderate to high complexity and independently on projects of low to moderate complexity. He/She serves as a liaison between the business community and Information Services (I.S.). This position contributes to the identification of solution alternatives, elicits and develops business and functional requirements that meet the needs of the business in a date driven business and application development environment. Responsibilities: Applies Business Systems Analysis Processes Participates in creating project work plans for assigned tasks to ensure milestones are met. Supports subject matter experts in specific business systems analysis areas (e.g., business domains, processes, tools, techniques, etc.) while expanding his/her knowledge base. Reviews other BSA's work products to ensure completeness, accuracy, and adherence to quality and work product standards and best practices. Participates in testing of BSA work products and processes to identify requirements defects, to meet standards, and to ensure effectiveness. Assists in conducting root cause analysis of defects to identify key and recurring problems, and provides solutions to prevent recurrence. Elicits and Analyzes Business Needs Coordinates and facilitates work sessions to gather relevant information and to ensure understanding of the audience's knowledge. Analyzes, comprehends, and applies the appropriate level of details, based on the stage of the project life cycle. Participates in identifying solutions for cross-functional project and ensures mapped solutions satisfy business problems and opportunities. Develops detailed business and functional requirements, requirements traceability, and corresponding work products to ensure stakeholder understanding and to serve as a basis for subsequent work products in the project life cycle. Breaks down complex concepts into comprehensible concepts to ensure appropriate level of communication and understanding for the project stakeholders. Identifies, addresses, negotiates, records, reports, manages and escalates action items, risks and issues associated to the project. PRIMARY SKILLS : Business Analysis ADDITIONAL SKILLS : Warehouse operations knowledge Manhattan Associates (WMOS) Customer facing experience Education: The desired Business Systems Analyst will possess a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics or related field or the equivalent in education and work experience. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Are you a U.S. Citizen or National of the U.S., an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, or an alien authorized to work in the U.S. for this employer? One full year of experience working as a Business Analyst OTHER CRITERIA: Employer will not sponsor visas for position. UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability 
company_name : UPS University of Louisville Humana UPS
city : Louisville, KY Louisville, KY Louisville, KY Louisville, KY
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      