job_id : 91b14bfd0392cf95         
businesscategory_name : 
title : Systems Analyst - Ft. Bragg, NC - Secret Security Clearance is required
start_date : 
description: As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors. With approximately 28,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled Systems Analyst Ft. Bragg, NC Secret Security Clearance is required Develops computer systems specifications that address business requirements and that fit with company/customer system architecture standards. 1. Analyzes and evaluates existing or proposed systems and designs computer systems to process data. 2. Analyzes systems and procedures to refine their formulation and converts them to programmable formats. 3. Codes applications and tests to software requirements. 4. Analyzes detail systems factors, including input and output requirements, information flow, hardware and software requirements, and reliability characteristics. 5. Writes or updates software specifications. 6. Records all inputs and outputs of systems, including file sizes, data bank requirements, variability of information and appropriate statistical measures such as frequency, volume, peaking, etc. 7. Prepares and updates documentation for new or existing systems. 8. Troubleshoots and provides technical support and solutions to users. 9. Monitors system effectiveness in satisfying user needs. 10. Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned. 11. Participates in special projects as required. Bachelors Degree in a Computer Science or related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience. Will require IAT level II. 2-5 years of directly related computer systems analysis and/or programming experience. Must have Tactical Mission Command, including CPOF (Command Post of the Future) and BCS (Battle Command Server) experience. Must be capable of performing analysis of system operations. Must have knowledge of and experience in the utilization of operating systems and database management systems. Must have experience in fault detection, isolation, and correction of computer systems and individual peripheral devices. Must be capable of routine system maintenance and administrative functions including: system configuration and modifications; adding, removing and replacing hardware and software items; system startup, shut down, backup and restore; database administration and maintenance; and system user access control. Must have a substantial background in communications and communications connectivity. Must have specific experience with systems and systems operations within the specific functional area to which assigned. Must be available for assignment to various CONUS/OCONUS sites for extended terms. Military experience is highly desirable. Completion of a U.S. Military Service Non Commissioned Officer (NCO) or Senior NCO Academy Course and/or Officer Basic or Advanced Course is desirable Employee may deploy and must be able to meet minimum standards of fitness and able to complete pre-deployment training and processing as of hire date. During Government approved travel, the FSE shall remain in an on-call status and provide rapid assistance to Military and Government Civilian personnel as needed. Standards of Fitness: personnel working on this task order shall satisfy the standards of fitness for deployability to the most-demanding region of the world for which SEC FSD provides field support personnel. These standards of fitness include general physical, mental, and dental health standards, medication requirements, and body mass index (BMI) calculations, but do not include maintenance of current vaccinations for every region. Vaccinations for the appropriate region may be given as part of pre-deployment processing. 
company_name : General Dynamics - IT Quick Services, LLC Raytheon Quick Services, LLC
city : Fort Bragg, NC Fort Bragg, NC Fort Bragg, NC Fort Bragg, NC
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      