job_id : 948eaf06298897e3         
businesscategory_name : 
title : End User Support Associate Site IT
start_date : 
description: GENERAL PURPOSE The primary function of this position is to assist in resolving system related problems by performing the following duties in support of all Sykes IT Enterprise Processes and Procedures. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Adheres to SYKES policies on ethics and integrity. Respond to inquiries and requests for service via the telephone, through on-line networks, and by mail. Schedule and perform agent adds, moves, and changes in accordance with proper procedures Address end user problems that appear to arise from use of the data networks by scheduling and providing appropriate level of support required to resolve the problem. Communicate with Systems Administrator to ensure that maintenance and repairs are performed in a timely manner and completed to satisfaction. Complete, maintain, and process related paperwork and records. On a daily, weekly, and monthly basis, assist with performing tape backups. Ensure that daily, weekly, and monthly backup procedures are completed. Assist System Administrator with service requests and other issues as needed. Adheres to Sykes IT policies and procedures to include IT physical asset management, security and software compliance. Provides desktop and desk side support to ensure accessibility to client tools. Assists the Site System Administrator with adds, deletes and moves of all users of the local center. Assists in the documentation of systems for disaster avoidance/recovery and planning. May perform other additional duties and responsibilities as assigned. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Associate's degree (A.A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or two years related experience (in telecommunication or information systems) and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Works well with internal and external IT support teams Good communication skills. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization. Able to test products prior to test delivery. Solid understanding of windows client operating systems. Basic Understanding of Windows 2000/2003 server environments. Proficient use of Microsoft Office. Time keeping and attendance Schedule Flexibility. Strong analytical and diagnostic skills Strives to maintain a sound knowledge of the client The incumbent will be expected to be available to work after normal business hours (shifts beginning after 5:00pm) and work extended hours to accomplish critical tasks essential to the continuance of uninterrupted operations of the department. This position is an 'on-call' position in an environment that operates on a 24x7 basis (open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week). COMMUNICATION SKILLS Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, corporate procedures/regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. REASONING ABILITY Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to speak and/or listen. The employee frequently is required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and ability to adjust focus. SECURITY COMPLIANCE Employees are required to maintain compliance with SYKES safety, security, and privacy programs. Additionally, all employees world-wide are responsible for being an active participant in the SYKES safety, security and privacy programs to protect SYKES' business operations, facilities, and physical and intellectual property and to ensure a safe and secure working environment for all SYKES' employees. ETHICS COMPLIANCE Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated is firmly committed to conducting business in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law and other accepted standards of business conduct as reflected in the company's policies. Employees are encouraged to observe the highest standards of professionalism at all times, and are expected to adhere to the SYKES Standards of Conduct for Compliance and Integrity ( www.sykes.com ). SYKES is proud to be an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status, nor will they be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. EEO/AA/M/F/Vet/Disability. DISCLAIMER The preceding position description has been designed to indicate the general nature of work performed; the level of knowledge and skills typically required; and usual working conditions of this position. It is not designed to contain, or be interpreted as, a comprehensive listing of all requirements or responsibilities that may be required by employees in this position. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
company_name : Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated TSP, Inc. Friendship Community Care Friendship Community Care
city : Morrilton, AR Morrilton, AR Russellville, AR Atkins, AR
jobtype : 
positions : 
tags : 
state : 
      