job_id : 7284
businesscategory_name : Computer and Information Technology
title : Information Architect & Product Manager of Technology
start_date : 2010-01-04 23:49:58.901772+00
end_date : 2010-02-03 23:49:58.894444+00
description: THE POSITION:

The Information Architect & Product Manager of Technology role is a new position which has opened as the result of a recent expansion at The Huffington Post. This position will report to the CTO, and will be based in our New York headquarters, located in the heart of SoHo (NYC area candidates are preferred).

 

REQUIREMENTS:

    Ability to manage many simultaneous projects and work with an international group of developers and designers

    Ability to present eloquently and with high energy and charisma

    Natural ability to make products better through creative thoughts about feature sets and interaction design

    5-10 years experience 

    Experience on a high traffic site is a huge plus

    In love with new media and new ideas

    Demonstrates expertise in problem solving and technical innovation.

    Ability to motivate and demonstrate technical leadership.

    Demonstrates capability of 뱑olling-up sleeves and getting hands dirty."

    Works well in fast-paced growing environment.

    May have prior start-up experience and demonstrate ability to adapt.

    An ideal candidate demonstrates independence, creativity and initiative and the ability to master a solid understanding of the company뭩 architecture and its business goals.

    Work with the edit team and ad teams to understand use cases and help build products

    Document design as needed for internal design reviews and coding. Fast Photoshop mock ups, etc.

 

Leadership and Communication:

    Excellent influential communication skills and business acumen to both arbitrate and advocate for technical issues.

    Charisma and speaking ability to present in sales meetings and to travel to key meetings with partners

    Interfaces with internal groups, customers and partners-- strong hands-on experience is a must.

 

To Apply: Send a resume, along with a detailed salary history to infoarch@huffingtonpost.com

company_name : The Huffington Post
city : New York
country : USA
jobtype : Full Time/Permanent
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2010-01-04 23:49:58.834737+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 2647
website :
email : infoarch@huffingtonpost.com
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags :  website,media,business,manager,executive
state : New York,NY




