job_id : 6076 
businesscategory_name : Internet 
title : Senior Director, Product Innovation - Social Media 
start_date : 2009-02-23 23:59:13.846577+00
end_date : 2009-03-25 23:59:13.840431+00
description: Senior Director, Product Innovation – Social Media
Overview
The mission of this senior role is to foster step out innovation and experimentation which will fuel real growth with a 3-5 year time horizon, through the development of an innovation process, idea hopper and innovation project portfolio.

Work Activities

    Creating a detailed business and marketing plan with a focus on social networking that includes market segmentation, proposition development, prototype development, in depth customer research directly with the end customer, distribution, cost of acquisition, operational costs, partnerships, product strategy, customer definition, revenue modelling and identifying emerging and disruptive technologies and other forces changing the market and the company’s future role in it.
    Effectively drive to consensus strategy and product roadmap for social networking. Prioritize, integrate, and achieve objectives
    Write strong, product requirements and oversee wireframes for social networking product and other related innovations.
    Leading and managing the selection process of the initial proposition rollout, including the partner choice.
    Building, leading and collaborating cross-functional teams that will help bring the proposition to market. It will be fast paced, and high profile executive involvement and this role and team will be expected to deliver on time and budget.
    Building and managing key relationships with external partners.
    Collaborate with technology to drive feature development & product lifecycle.
    Own product decision-making feature/technology trade-off decisions on product functionality based on understanding business, technology, and consumer implications.
    As necessary, vet build/buy and partner solutions to business objectives.



Knowledge & Abilities
We are looking individuals who are creative, innovative, ambitious, audacious, passionate, visionary, ingenious, and don’t take no for an answer when finding a way to make something happen. The ideal candidates will possess some or all of the following:

    Is an entrepreneur through and through – recognises opportunities, and has an outstanding track record of launching and succeeding with new business ventures
    Understands intimately how the customer thinks, and helps identify what they want before they want it
    Is an inspirational leader who knows how to get the best out of a small team
    Holds a university degree, with some practiced MBA skills (may be self-taught)
    Has work experience of at least 10 years
    Has knowledge of different cultures gained through work experience and/or personal travel
    Knows what it takes to keep external stakeholders happy
    Gets the best out of external partners
    Is not happy with merely meeting the goal – only true over achievement is acceptable


All applicants should also be able to demonstrate:

• Passion for innovation and new market opportunities
• Ideally some experience with start up development
• Excellent communication skills


Note to candidates: we are a Fortune 500 International News and Media company
Principals only please no agencies
Apply by
Email:
anonsearch@yahoo.com

company_name : confidential 
city : San Francisco, California 
country : 
jobtype : Full Time/Permanent
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2009-02-23 23:59:13.805449+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 3392 
website :
email : anonsearch@yahoo.com 
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags : 
state :


