job_id : 7030
businesscategory_name : Project Management
title : New TV Project Manager
start_date : 2010-02-19 23:13:27.099964+00
end_date : 2010-03-21 07:00:00+00
description:  If you are bubbling over with ideas; love and live technology; are self-motivated; enjoy a good spirited debate; are constantly thinking one year ahead; want early access to cutting edge technology; have been called insatiably curious and articulate; and want to see your own ideas come to fruition you should be talking with us.  We are Orange Labs San Francisco.
We are looking for a candidate that brings an entrepreneurial attitude, has a driven desire to be innovative, goes beyond simple task execution and is inspired to networking in the valley through conferences, seminars, and other business means.
Orange Labs San Francisco is the Bay Area’s division of one of the world’s largest corporate research and development organizations.  The San Francisco lab’s mission is to anticipate, develop, explore and research technologies and business models coming from the Silicon Valley. Among the labs projects is the drive to create novel consumer services for the converged web, mobile and television markets. The lab has a startup-like atmosphere with small teams working on innovative ideas.
Unlike many corporate research departments, Orange Labs San Francisco is charged with bringing ideas from concept to working prototype.  Yet, projects are still mostly engineering driven and proactively marketed internally to our business units for rapid deployment (trials and commercial deployments).

Description:

If you believe

    That TV over internet in form of Hulu and Netflix is just too primitive?
    That the power of social media is under utilized in today's Internet TV.
    That "Over the Top" is just beginning of TV every where.
    That projects going on at companies as big as Comcast (Comcast Interactive Media) and AT&T's Entertainment services division and as innovative as Boxee are fascinating but they still seem too constrained because they are market focused rather then dream focused

We want to talk with you. 

Do you have an idea that's been waiting on the shelf because your boss wouldn't risk the project failing? Come try it here... just be prepared to fail fast.  TV delivered over Internet is in its infancy, so don't get constrained by following someone else's roadmap. Follow your intuitive and innovative brain and build the TV service that you would want to use and recommend to your friends.

This position will allow you to take the risk to create and test audacious ideas and solutions that may lead to shape tomorrow's Internet TV.

Responsibilities:

    Proposing new ideas, concepts and business proposition for different "New TV services" that will leverage internet web 2.0 infrastructures (e.g. Social network platforms, open source recommendation engines and APIs frameworks), Internet video delivery infrastructure (CDN, cloud infrastructure, streaming technologies) and connected devices frameworks (Over the Top boxes, connected TVs, gaming consoles).
    Translating high level business concepts into detailed Product description and requirements for technical teams along with details business/strategy plan. This activity may require detailed collaboration with International teams including teams in Europe.
    Work hands-on to deliver significant components, including development of demos, proofs of concept and prototypes.
    Provide technical leadership and mentoring to the onsite and offsite development team.
    Identify, negotiate, collaborate and manage with key small/medium/big partners from Silicon Valley and/or Hollywood eco-system, for Orange's new TV products and proof of concepts.
    Perform business model and TCO analysis.
    Run beta and pilot programs.
    Effectively communicate results to Orange high level executives and if needed with partners too.

Due to the R&D context, the statements contained in this job description are not necessarily all-inclusive; additional duties may be assigned and requirements may vary from time to time.

Qualifications:

As a Project manager, one needs have strong technical and business aptitude and demonstrable R&D experience to innovate for new entertainment services built for internet world. 

    BS or MS in Computer Science or Engineering, MBA is a plus.
    Detailed understanding of US TV eco-system and business is a must.
    Ability to put on different hats and multi task
    Ability to quickly understand, grasp, utilize new technologies
    Experience in managing geographically distributed teams
    Self-starter who is highly motivated, organized, learns quickly, and is a team player.
    Fluent in French is a plus
    Solid interpersonal skills coupled with excellent communications skills (verbal, written, PowerPoint)
    Experience in dealing with international teams and cultures.

 

Technical Skills:

    Must have:
        5-7 Years experience in project management in the space of Internet video services and application with proven track record of taking a medium/large scale platforms and product from concept -design- production to operation using standard open source stacks and solutions.
        2 instance of management, development and deployment of J2EE applications on LAMP infrastructure.
        At least 10 years in design/development/testing of software products in various roles.
        Very good analytical and mathematical proficiency
    Extensive experience with
        Web 2.0 platform, technologies and API frameworks
        Content aggregation and license and rights management
        XML and related tools and technologies
        Web portals providing multi media services
        Applications based on APIs provide by social networks
        Media streaming, transcoding and storage solutions
        Media security, encryption and DRM
        CMS solutions such as Alfresco
        Automated test tools.
        Integration with popular advertisement servers
        Software product release management, configuration management and hands-on with tools like CVS, SVN
        Scraping and robot tools
        Good to have experience with
        Linux device drivers, kernel debugging and customization,
        Graphics libraries, OpenGL, Web GL, open source media decoders and players like ffmpeg.
        Apache modules development,
        Metadata formats and their interchange.
        Embedded platforms to understand and innovate on Set top box and connected devices

 

    Good to have knowledge of:
        SOA, Cloud computing, HADOOP, PIGLIN, Data mining and recommendation algorithms, SVG, Matrix manipulation libraries,
        Audio video codecs and package formats
        Live streaming, CAS, ICANN,
        Vector algebra and matrix arithmetic

 

    Fluent in two or more of following:
        Java, C/C++, Ruby, Python, PHP, Perl, Java script, Action script

 

No Relocation Package.

 

BENEFITS:
M/D/V/STD/LTD/Life/Bonus/401(k)  

company_name : Orange Labs San Francisco (France Telecom R&D)
city : South San Francisco
country : USA
jobtype : Full Time/Permanent
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2009-11-04 19:56:17.948637+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 6636
website :
email : ckearns.ext@orange-ftgroup.com
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags : product manager
state : California,CA

