job_id : 8713
businesscategory_name : PR
title : Marketing & Event Planner
start_date : 2010-08-18 18:55:46.86735+00
end_date : 2010-09-17 18:55:46.859138+00
description: RESPONSIBILITIES:

    Plan, coordinate, and implement all company events and activities (internal and external.) 
    Develop project plans with milestone paths and layouts for housing, meeting rooms, banquets, and serve as official liaison with contracted hotels and event sites. Supervise total readiness of facilities. 
    Collaborate with event owners and/or initiators (training, sales, marketing, etc.) to clearly define and understand objectives and expected results.
    Design and implement plans for menus and special events.
    Coordinate air travel, ground transportation, and hotel accommodations as it relates to assigned meetings for applicable event participants.
    Hotel and vendor negotiations, on-site management, transportation, Food &Beverage, audio visual and bill reconciliation. 
    Procures and coordinates vendor services for bids and negotiate service contracts.
    Coordinate contract reviews with legal, supervisors, and timing management with financial impact.
    Research, write and edit written communications, reports and speeches for Executives
    Key role in coordinating and writing other important internal communications.
    Responsible for creating project plans and meeting deadlines.
    Oversees the development of appropriate communications vehicles to target audiences.
    Develop and execute a Communication Plan that will support communication initiatives from all areas of the business - Operations, Marketing, Sales, HR, Finance and IT.
    Assist with the development and implementation of the Company branding strategy.
    Partner with the corporate Marketing Team to develop assets that support local community engagement initiatives.
    Build and maintain the database of speakers, topics and areas of expertise within the Company. 
    Analyze requests for speaking engagements as to impact, effect and potential positive exposure to the Company.  
    Research speaking and panel opportunities for Company Executives that would promote the Company goals and increase awareness of the organization.
    Match request with database of speakers to find best individual for event.  Arrange for participation in event and details with the Executive selected.

 SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

    This is a fast paced environment and individual must be able to work well under pressure and to multi-task in a fast paced environment. 
    Must be able to work independently on a variety of projects and have exceptional communication skills. 
    Must be a confident leader able to interact with clients. 
    This position requires extensive travel and long hours during peak season.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:

    Degree (B.A.) from a four year college or university
    3-5 years professional experience in event planning or marketing experience that includes coordinating trade show events and other marketing activities

company_name : Tree.com
city : Charlotte
country : USA
jobtype : Full Time/Permanent
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2010-08-18 18:55:46.80242+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 1080
website :
email : dedra.ellis@lendingtree.com
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags : marketing,event planner,coordinator,public relations
state : North Carolina,NC


