job_id : 6209 
businesscategory_name : Arts, Design, Entertainment, and Media
title : Graphic Designer
start_date : 2009-04-14 17:11:15.718875+00
end_date : 2009-05-14 17:11:15.713431+00
description:  Challenge Online Games, Inc. (Challenge Games) is looking to hire a full-time, experienced graphic designer.

 

Challenge Games was founded in 2006 with the mission of creating online, short-form games that are challenging, fun and easy to play whether you're a serious or casual gamer. The big idea was to create cool games that can be played in 3-10 minute time increments anytime, from anywhere.  Challenge Games has released four games, with another three projected for release by the end of 2009.

 

We work in a fast-paced, start-up environment. A lot of stock is put in the ability to work hard, meet deadlines, multi-task effectively and basically be professional (where professional has little to do with wearing button downs). Everyone here has a lot of autonomy and that carries with it a lot of responsibility.

 

DUTIES:

 

·       Develop the overall layout and production design of video game websites (and related marketing materials, web-based advertisements, and game logos) including selection of layout, color, art styles, fonts and other graphic elements.

·       Create high-fidelity output from scratch based on team-developed wireframe mockups of game websites.

·       Extend existing site designs and use such designs to create a consistent look for new pages.

·       Coordinate with game team leads in support of new and existing games; work collaboratively in a team environment with game designers, software engineers, and marketing.

·       Develop and supply artwork for website design elements, along with interactive media and multi media projects.

·       Analysis of basic usability concepts as such relates to website performance and flow. 

 

SKILLS:

 

Artistic Sensibility - Knowledge about design elements, such as color and composition, is vital. Artistic ability and creativity are essential. We are making game sites after all.

 

Technical Skill - The technical skills to use design software programs such as Photoshop® is absolutely mandatory. A general interest in computers and an aptitude for learning new technology will be beneficial.

 

Communication Ability – The successful candidate will have the ability to effectively present ideas—both verbally and visually. You'll need to be able to sell your ideas to the game team leads and work with them to achieve the end product.

 

Organization – Organization and the ability to multi-task are essential in order to meet deadlines and stay within a budget.

 

Problem Solving Ability – Performing graphic design tasks requires the ability to choose just the right fonts, colors and lines to create a balanced composition, while simultaneously conveying meaning. The position requires strong problem solving skills and is perfect for someone who loves a good challenge.

 

ALSO HELPFUL: A passion for games of all kinds. Substantial experience in playing CCGs such as Magic: The Gathering, WoW: Trading Card Game, or similar games. Substantial experience playing MMORPGs such as World of Warcraft. Experience playing casual games on sites such as Pogo, Yahoo! Games, or other similar sites is also useful.  L33T PVP skills are optional.  

 

COOL STUFF:

·       Casual work environment

·       Free soda, snacks, and pizza

·       Downtown offices (Austin, Texas)

·       Very high toy-to-employee ratio

·       Get free stuff for our games

·       Wanna-be game designers welcome

·       “Rock Band” Friday

 

COMPENSATION: Based on experience.

 

No relocations/contractors.  Position is in Austin, Texas.

 

Send your cover letter and resume to jobs@challengegames.com

 

Challenge Games is an Equal Opportunity Employer

company_name : Challenge Online Games, Inc. 
city : Austin, Texas
country : 
jobtype : Full Time
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2009-04-14 17:11:15.688907+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 2891 
website :
email : jobs@challengegames.com
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags : graphic designer,designer,design,graphic,casual games,games
state :







