job_id : 8330
businesscategory_name : Arts, Design, Entertainment, and Media
title : Content Coordinator
start_date : 2010-06-24 21:44:15.591137+00
end_date : 2010-07-24 21:44:15.583139+00
description: Quality Assurance Manager - Content & Programming
New York, NY

Description:

VEVO is a top ten video property and the #1 music network in the US according to comScore data.
Join a dedicated team that loves music and technology and believes in the internet’s power to continually improve experiences for fans.  If you care about the future of music online, this is the place to be.

As VEVO's Content QA Manager you will play a key role in the functioning of the Programming and Content group. This role is responsible for management of incoming content on site, metadata reconciliation, channel creation process, and acting as liaison with the Ad Ops team to execute video ad campaigns, and the product and technology team on product enhancements and roadmaps.

Responsibilities include:

    Day to day monitoring of incoming content, metadata database and ensuring proper video playback
    Coordinate and administer content placement and promotion on vevo.com and VEVO on YouTube
    Enable new artist profiles, select profile pictures and add URL’s, Twitter accounts, and oversee poster frame development and maintenance
    File content or admin portal bugs with Project Management team
    Alert Ad Ops of all necessary information for pre roll and overlay targeting
    Daily gathering of video assets, and management of video carousel and related information
    Oversee channel creation process and maintain channel request mailbox
    Liaise with Development and Project Management teams on content/metadata dependent product updates, roadmap and admin enhancements
    Oversee lyrics administration and synchronization act as project manager for lyric engine enhancements and workflow
    Address content alerts in Admin Portal and file admin or content bugs with Project Management team
    Monitor feedback inbox and create JIRA tickets for content issues

 

Requirements:

    Experience and knowledge of content management via CMS tools.  YouTube CMS a plus.
    3+ years experience in an online media space. Music related, preferred.
    Project / Product management experience
    Demonstrable ability to leverage quantitative thinking to manage campaign success
    Must be able to multi-task multiple projects, work well under pressure and excel in a fast-paced, high-energy start-up environment
    Exceptional relationship management and communications
    Strong experience working in Microsoft Excel, Google Apps, Sharepoint, etc. required
    Excellent attention to detail
    Passion for music, media and pop culture

 

Education:  Bachelor’s Degree

VEVO is an equal opportunity employer.

company_name : VEVO
city : New York
country : USA
jobtype : Full Time/Permanent
positions : 1
priority : 0
creation_date : 2010-06-24 21:39:22.015657+00
status : t
minage : 0
maxage : 0
description1 :
experiencetext :
salary :
minexperience :
maxexperience :
job_views : 2230
website :
email : evan.moore@vevo.com
publish : 1
featured : 0
tags : music,online,web,internet,google,youtube,content,media,marketing,entertainment
state : New York,NY


